February first , nineteen eighty four .
okay , both side A and B were both Parent Lastname and Child Lastname , taped on the thirteenth of March , nineteen eighty six , at their home .
oh, when you're twelve or thirteen.
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
this is Saturday , April nineteen .
twenty fifth , nineteen eighty four .
and Child's birthday is April ten , nineteen eighty four .
eleven ?
I never heard eleven before .
this is Parent and Child Lastname , we are taping at their home , on February twenty five , nineteen eighty six .
today is June five , nineteen eighty six , and Investigator and Observer are taping the second session of Child Lastname and her mother Parent Lastname , in the Child Study Center at College .
and Child's birthday is April fifteen , nineteen eighty four .
it's July twenty eighth , nineteen eighty six .
it takes fifteen minutes .
okay , this is November fourth , nineteen eighty five , and this is the second meeting with Child and Parent .
Laura is exactly eighteen months . 
eleven . 
twelve . 
thirteen . 
fourteen . 
fifteen . 
sixteen . 
seventeen . 
eighteen . 
nineteen . 
January eleven morning . 
seems to me that those were twenty nine or thirty two dollars before , and now I think I saw them yesterday for twelve dollars .
then the eleven year old gets in trouble , and she said ".
my eleven year old was talking to her girlfriend the other day , and they were they were saying ".
eighteen !
but , I mean , are they twelve sided dice , or something ?
this is four December , nineteen eighty five , and the child is Child Lastname with his mother Parent Lastname .
the child was born tenth of March nineteen eighty three .
eighteen  . 
how could I sleep twelve out of every twentyfour hours . 
I got fifteen things I have to do today . 
eleven . 
twelve . 
thirteen . 
fourteen . 
fourteen . 
say fourteen . 
fifteen . 
sixteen . 
seventeen . 
seventeen . 
eighteen . 
nineteen . 
nineteen . 
 twelve days! 
she's fifteen . 
sixteen . 
no they coming at  at eleven . 
ˈeleven !
Child's birthday is July first , nineteen eighty three , and we are taping at their home .
four , and the baby's eleven months .
eleven ... 
okay and twelve . 
and thirteen . 
daddy got you on eleven ? 
that's number eleven then  yeah . 
are you a little eleven . 
say eleven  twelve ... 
it has one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve . 
child's birthday is April eight , nineteen eighty four .
it's July twenty five , nineteen eighty six .
one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve , ˈfourteen !
we have ˈfourteen !
no until eleven . 
nineteen eighty . 
fourteen  . 
three years three months and eleven days today . 
fifteen what ? 
fifteen months ? 
I'll get a penny out of my piggybank cause I have sixteen cents by accident . 
three dollars and sixteen cents by accident instead of fifteen and you know what ? 
five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen  . 
fifteen sixteen  . 
seventeen eighteen  . 
nineteen twenty  . 
I think he's  eleven months old . 
no he's thirteen .  
he's  twelve months old . 
you have eleven ? 
twelve . 
it will be twelve dollars then you would have to give me twelve dollars from your allowance . 
I wanted to be older than fifteen . 
and Laura is three years and eleven and a half months . 
looks like it's fifteen degrees on that thermometer . 
that's Frederick Douglas Day  a famous antislavery leader and orator who died in eighteen ninety five . 
when you're thirteen years old  . 
nineteen sixty six . 
what's fifteen take away six . 
eleven . 
fourteen points  . 
how old are you on October the first nineteen seventy five ? 
how old are you on October the first nineteen seventy five ? 
fifteen . 
there  are fifteen . 
there are fifteen . 
that's fourteen sixteen . 
 fourteen   . 
no  that's a twelve . 
you haven't finished eighteen . 
is that twelve o'clock midnight or is that twelve o'clock noon ? 
the day I'm going to start doing that  March fifteen . 
thirteen o'clock ? 
hi how you doing , an eleven o'clock appointment with Doctor Publiker . 
" it's eleven twenty . 
uhuh it's eleven twenty . 
see it's not  eleven twenty anymore . 
eleven twenty one ? 
twelve  . 
you think it was twelve ? 
twelve s too much for little kids . 
ten eleven twelve thirteen . 
fifteen . 
honey , after ten comes eleven .
twelve .
thirteen .
ten eleven twelve thirteen .
fifteen miles on the ... 
fifteen miles on the ... 
fifteen miles on the Erie canal . 
fifteen miles on the Erie canal .
fifteen miles on the Erie canal .
 fifteen minutes . 
so Michael got twelve cramps and . 
fifteen dollars . 
well this thing cost fifteen bucks . 
cause Katie found them for fifteen cents apiece at the yard sale . 
an Audi ten eleven or a seven thirty seven or one of the big ones . 
eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty . 
eleven . 
no  no no no twelve . 
thirteen . 
eighteen . 
nineteen . 
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty  ladybugs . 
twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen beads . 
twelve o'clock , twelve o'clock . 
twelve . 
twelve .
" the twelve months .
he should be about  fifteen maybe . 
it s twelve fifteen at night . 
eighteen months today . 
to the university it s about fifteen minutes . 
her brother was born when she was sixteen an she had Ben when she was eighteen . 
drowned in Honolulu July thirteenth eighteen ninety nine age twenty two years . 
this is somebody that died in eighteen ninety ? 
smells like fifteen winos . 
twelve thirty . 
ant get in till about twelve thirty . 
and she has to get out by twelve . 
it s from nineteen twenty . 
this guy lived to be a hundred an sixteen . 
no eighteen sixty . 
not eighteen hundred . 
" died by crash nineteen fifty nine . 
in eighteen sixty fi . 
eighteen sixty . 
it s eight fifteen . 
we re gonna take off in about ten or twelve minutes . 
nineteen oh one . 
well  you take sixty eight and divide it into fifty and eighteen Ross . 
 eleven . 
 twelve . 
twelve . 
thirteen . 
thirteen . 
fourteen . 
 fifteen . 
 sixteen . 
seventeen  . 
three lines  eleven . 
three lines  eleven notes each  ? 
those were seventeen and this is this is a brave . 
it was fourteen inches . 
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen  sixteen . 
twelve . 
six plus six is twelve . 
seven plus seven is fourteen  . 
fourteen . 
, plus eight  one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen . 
fourteen . 
five plus six is eleven . 
fifteen . 
" Ford Coupe Nineteen Thirty Six .
I'll tell you what we'll go at eleven o'clock  okay .
yeah at six thirty one hour and fifteen minutes do you think that you can wait that long ?
nothing good s on until eleven o'clock why don't we practice tumbling for awhile ?
from about twelve forty five to two o'clock .
you want us to bring that one or the sixteen cup .
one of Ann's boyfriends got this for her when we got married he was like eleven years old at the time .
no  twelve o'clock is time to eat lunch .
at twelve o'clock we eat lunch .
it's past twelve .
we're not going anywhere right now  but at eleven thirty we're going up to the coop .
I think that fourteen days is more like it .
shit I was born in nineteen fifty .
it could be the number one if you have two of them next to each other  it could be the number eleven .
you're closer to seventeen than you are thirty five .
big pointed feet with seventeen toes .
let's see is it three hundred seventeen giraffes ?
seventeen people  if I recall correctly .
it's eleven now .
it's fifteen minutes after two why did you want to know what time it is ?
uhhuh see that number fifteen  Abe ?
seventeen .
" nineteen twelve ?
" nineteen twelve ?
can you tell me a story about nineteen twelve ?
what is that  nineteen twelve ?
it's twelve ?
it's twelve what ?
twelve fourteen o'clock ?
what happens at twelve fourteen o'clock ?
sixteen .
you have fourteen ?
it's not even eleven o'clock yet .
I don't know what time fourteen o'clock is .
nineteen o'clock ?
what time is nineteen o'clock ?
fourteen ?
you woke up at fourteen o'clock .
I'd like to know what time fourteen o'clock is .
my clock only goes to twelve .
now what kind of clock do you have that goes to nineteen ?
oh  it goes to fourteen .
oh  he's crying at fourteen o'clock ?
it's fourteen o'clock ?
he says he's going to sleep because it's fourteen o'clock .
you're going to come in in fourteen minutes ?
fourteen o'clock ?
well  you do at twelve o'clock ?
you wake up at twelve o'clock ?
 Paul is thirteen months .
I'm a mommy chicken and I've got seventeen baby chicks .
you have eighteen there .
eighteen sheep inside the gate .
it's eleven fifteen .
David is eleven now .
David's eleven years old .
where does eleven and one half come in ?
I think it's between twelve and four they water . 
what  sixteen teeth . 
ohmygoodness sixteen teeth . 
one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve . 
twelve . 
and here's twelve tweedlebugs .
this is  eleven apples ... 
and eleven football players . 
it comes after eleven .
twelve . 
no , that's eleven , butcha  close .
Alex , you can count to twelve .
page eleven . 
page thirteen .
page thirteen oh you haveto give Grover some socks . 
eleven . 
what comes after eleven ? 
eleven: . 
eleven . 
eleven . 
twelve .
nine , ten , eleven , twelve ... 
one , two , three , four , five , six  seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve .
twelve . 
eleven ? 
can you say eleven ?
I thought it was sixteen degrees out .
thirteen . 
fourteen . 
a fifteen . 
sixteen . 
that's right , seventeen . 
eighteen .
nineteen .
now here's eleven cause  that one broke . 
eleven . 
twelve . 
what comes after twelve ? 
thirteen . 
thirteen . 
seventeen . 
what comes after seventeen ? 
eleven .
twelve .
thirteen . 
fourteen . 
fifteen . 
sixteen . 
what comes after sixteen ? 
seventeen . 
eighteen . 
nineteen .
a dog and a thirteen , very good !
a thirteen . 
thirteen . 
fifteen . 
behind the sixteen , there you go . 
that was eighteen but you know what Dad .
nine eleven g t three cup . 
this goes on page twelve . 
through thirteen . 
page ten and eleven . 
seventeen ? 
you almost made it seventeen , but not quite cause I think that's a j .
eleven !
eleven socks .
let's find twelve ! 
twelve .
there's thirteen ! 
twelve . 
sixteen , that's right . 
that's right fourteen .
it was like twelve dollars it was really cheap . 
question what comes after twelve ?
what comes after twelve ? 
what comes after twelve ? 
thirteen good job .
what comes after nineteen ? 
nineteen . 
after thirteen ?
hmmm after thirteen what comes after thirteen ?
the answer is fourteen .
what comes before fourteen ? 
oh: thirteen . 
the answer is thirteen . 
before thirteen ?
hmmm where's twelve ? 
can't find twelve ... 
twelve .
press the number fourteen .
oh where's fourteen fourteen fourteen fourteen fourteen . 
fourteen excellent next question . 
what comes before twelve ? 
hmmm where is eleven eleven eleven . 
eleven . 
what comes after eleven ? 
twelve twelve . 
twelve allright time's  up .
press the number thirteen . 
thirteen thirteen gotta find it gotta find it gotta win I hafta win .
thirteen thirteen . 
what comes before eighteen ? 
seventeen where's seventeen let me find it I'm gonna win seventeen let me do I wanna do it seventeen seventeen oh: !
what comes after twelve ? 
what comes before eighteen . 
seventeen great job next question .
what comes after fourteen . 
fifteen fifteen fifteen hey .
fifteen is ... 
what comes before seventeen ? 
sixteen . 
what comes after seventeen ? 
eighteen . 
seven great job next question press the number seventeen . 
seventeen . 
what comes before twelve ? 
eleven eleven . 
eleven woo next question . 
what comes after seventeen ? 
eighteen . 
press the number twelve .
twelve twelve what's  this one say ? 
seventeen thirteen eighteen seventeen okay .
seventeen .
I've got seventeen if you gave me one how many would I have ?
allright where's the sixteen let me find it .
sixteen .
I've got seventeen if you gave me one how many would I have ?
eighteen . 
nineteen . 
nineteen . 
what comes after thirteen ?
fourteen . 
fourteen woo !
next question press the number fourteen .
fourteen . 
fourteen . 
now press the number fourteen . 
fourteen .
what comes after seventeen ? 
eighteen . 
what comes before fifteen ? 
fourteen ! 
fourteen . 
press the number twelve . 
twelve .
twelve excellent .
next question what comes after seventeen ?
that is smaller than thirteen . 
one is smaller than thirteen .
how bout this one eleven ! 
excellent wouldja  like me to make you a twelve ? 
twelve ?
thirteen I think I can do thirteen .
eleven . 
no that's twelve . 
what eleven !
eleven !
eleven is cool like that song .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve .
twelve !
twelve race car . 
if you were a caterpillar you would have sixteen feet to put shoes on . 
oh yes , eleven .
four five six eight  nine ten eleven .
" eleven .
today's date is April the tenth nineteen seventy five .
about fifteen minutes before you start eating , let me know , so I can hook him up again .
but  no but I'd like to know fifteen minutes before hand because I have a situation that requires taping fifteen minutes before then .
it's eleven  minutes after eleven .
eleven o'clock ?
sixteen .
eleven .
we have eleven girls here today .
six  eight nine ten eleven we have eleven  twelve we have twelve we have twelve boys here today .
today's date is February the twenty first nineteen seventy five .
twelve .
a twelve ?
twelve  ?
you take a twelve  ?
thirteen  .
thirteen  ?
eleven an a half ?
now they gonna play it until eleven o'clock .
six seven eight nine , ten eleven .
twelve , thirteen , fourteen .
seventeen .
who else gives you tea parties at eleven o'clock at night huh ?
when he worked the second shift and didn't come home til like eleven thirty .
one  thirteen .
thirteen Smurfs right here .
eleven .
what's fifteen and six ?
you've got about fifteen minutes .
that's Inv fifteen cents .
today's date is February the thirteenth nineteen seventy five .
size eleven  .
time is a seven fifteen .
he'll be eleven .
tomorrow he's eleven , when he's eleven he'll be ten .
twelve six .
hey you've got sixteen .
sixteen to six .
fourteen .
eighteen sixteen ...
eighteen sixteen .
eighteen point lead .
sixteen .
eleven , that's eleven .
twelve , six !
fourteen six , you're losing .
fourteen six , you're losing .
two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve , thirteen ...
two , three , four , five , six , seven eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve , thirteen .
fourteen fifteen sixteen .
fourteen , fifteen , sixteen .
sixteen !
, Lisa had sixteen .
I have sixteen !
sixteen s a lot .
I have sixteen !
I'm the sixteen dollar man .
I'm eleven .
you're eleven and I'm ten .
no , if she's five  I'm eleven .
I'm six so you're eleven .
my brudder  is about , seventeen haha , haha .
seventeen .
they were twins and they were born fifteen minutes a piece so victor was born first .
three two thirteen  .
two thirteen .
three , two thirteen .
eleven o'clock ?
two , three , four , five , six , seven , nine , ten , eleven , twelve .
I weigh a hundred and fifteen .
I weigh a hundred and fifteen .
and I weigh a hundred and fifteen .
five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve .
why do you stop after fifteen minutes ?
fifteen miles  . 
huh Fifteen miles . 
hey guards , could you please come with me to fifteen miles ? 
seven , Eight , Nine , Ten , Eleven , Twelve . 
thirteen , Fourteen , Fifteen , Sixteen . 
seventeen , Eighteen , Nineteen , Twenty , Twenty-one , twenty-two , twenty-three . 
and I got one more twelve  . 
because at the stroke of twelve , my spell will be broken , and you will once again be a cinder girl . 
it's twelve after .
at a quarter to twelve ?
quarter to eleven  .
not a quarter to eleven .
eleven milk .
that what we're supposed to have eleven milks .
nineteen seventy five .
nineteen seventy five .
twelve twenty  .
is eleven years old .
so when you're eleven maybe you'll get to do those things .
at one time you all went somewhere , an it cost you fifteen dollars .
we took a taxi that cost us fifteen dollars .
fifteen cents .
I thought you could only count up to five but you can count to eleven .
after fifteen  sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty twenty one  ...
nineteen twenty twenty one  twenty two , twenty three , twenty four , twenty five , twenty six , twenty seven , twenty eight , twenty nine .
first I'm gonna  take twelve o'clock . 
, was a speed skater but much better in the short sprints got a speed medal in the fifteen hundred meters which is a long course and she wasn't expected to do that well there . 
mommy I don't want to make eighteen so why don't you help me . 
page nineteen middle ends first half of file .
yeah he's now eighteen . 
when I was about ten , I guess ten or eleven years old I had them for pets . 
just for  ten or fifteen minutes and then just .
he's five feet eleven an:d three quarter inches .
when the big hand is on the twelve that's on o'clock .
oh by the way she's eighteen ?
, when it gets on the fi  on the eleven .
the big hand gets on the eleven .
eighteen ...
nineteen , twenty ...
nineteen eighty nine .
one fifteen and today's the seventeenth . 
one seventeen nine am . 
ten eleven twelve one two . 
eighteen to twenty four months . 
she got about thirteen of them .
she has thirteen of those alligators .
, fifteen for the aces , right ?
sixteen  .
no sixteen .
yes , and it says twelve tablets for twenty five cents .
oh , they sent you that well then they also say that they will send you twelve tablets for this amount of money .
yeah but he stays with it from eight fifteen in the morning until eight at night .
you odn't  work a twelve hour day .
twelve take away four is is eight  .
well , if I can keep track of him for the first fifteen minutes once he gets home that'll be fine .
nineteen .
eighteen hour ...
and I'm fourteen !
he's twelve .
he's two and Arlene is eleven .
and and Arlene is eleven .
eleven and they all in the room together  .
fifteen .
fifteen .
" cause it's twelve o'clock .
fourteen? 
seventeen. 
sixteen? 
oh, you'll be way bigger when you're sixteen. 
be in the jail another nineteen years right now?
thirteen? 
I am eighteen months . 
I am eighteen months . 
the show is at two o'clock and it's twelve o nine .
our tires are flat , and it's twelve twentytwo .
fourteen toes ?
when the little hand's  on the eight and the big hand is on the twelve that's eight oclock . 
eleven ... 
twelve ... 
thirteen ... 
fourteen ... 
fifteen ... 
fifteen what ? 
sixteen ... 
seventeen ... 
eighteen ... 
eighteen birds . 
nineteen raindrops . 
eleven , eleven , thirty , twelve !
eight , nine ten eleven twelve ! 
fifteen , that would be a lotta  clay ! 
and it's one  fifteen . 
one fifteen . 
for nineteen seventy three ?
no that's from nineteen seventy one  .
up til nineteen seventy one ?
seven seventeen federal prisoners .
this is the tail from the fourteen pound one .
let's do it again in fifteen minutes .
we'll wait fifteen minutes for my leg .
eleven , Dillon . 
eleven . 
twelve . 
thirteen . 
fourteen . 
fifteen . 
twelve . 
thirteen . 
Sammy's going to have a hard time getting insurance when he gets to be sixteen . 
fifteen .
no , this , this , this is , this is the , this  fifteen little monsters , can't come in here .
she did it sixteen times .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen , seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty .
eighteen nineteen twenty .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen .
eleven , eleven , eleven .
eleven !
and I'll give you fifty or fifteen ?
well , that was fifteen minutes there .
for fifteen  huh huh .
you have just fifteen minutes .
ten  eleven .
what comes after eleven ?
twelve .
he just asked you where the number sixteen is .
fifteen !
fifteen is underneath the pig .
twelve .
twelve is above the mouse .
es that make fifteen ?
I bet you're too little to count to seventeen .
what comes after sixteen ?
I've eleven stuff .
you take fifteen and I take fifteen and I go up here .
it says “two fifteen two fourteen two” . 
says “one minute and eighteen seconds” and I know that's not true . 
eleven !
twelve ?
eleven , twelve .
then thirteen , then fourteen .
number eleven .
we have two four six eight ten eleven we're missing one .
oh let's see eleven inches .
she's fifteen .
with this , with this hu:ge computer , that normally is servicing nineteen colleges .
you stay out back cause you're coming in in fifteen minutes .
just about fifteen minutes .
eleven .
thirteen .
fifteen .
seventeen .
nineteen .
so, the clock started to  ring, and it was twelve midnight, and
sixteen stars .
okay is that fifteen ?
it's only twelve years .
nineteen eighty nine .
how much is thirty minus fifteen ?
that would be like if you're age thirteen to nineteen , you would be in your teens .
nine , ten , eleven ...
, twelve , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , eighteen , nineteen , thirty ready or not , here I come !
I have thirteen again .
seventeen fanny .
seventeen .
seventeen all together .
I guess it's twelve o'clock .
why don't you turn channel thirteen ?
no but , but y  when you watch channel thirteen all the children's programs on channel thirteen you can learn things from .
thirteen  !
turn channel nine or channel eleven , or something .
nine or eleven .
then turn on eleven  .
eleven .
It says twelve o'clock doesn't it ?
twelve o'clock  .
not fourteen , four !
twelve .
I have one that's three years younger than myself , and another one that's fourteen .
fourteen ?
in about fifteen minutes we'll take that shirt off an you can cool off a little bit is that okay with you ?
sixteen .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty okay Kip , I'm gonna start lookin for ya now .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty .
today is April the seventeenth , nineteen seventy five he:y !
about seven fifteen  .
twelve .
about , eleven o'clock .
eleven ?
no , better make it every four hours twelve o'clock .
cause then the next one you give her after twelve will be four o'clock .
eleven .
we have eleven boys here today .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty twenty one twenty two .
I think about eleven o'clock .
and and Miss Boman said that goes off about eleven .
eleven o'clock last night ?
twelve a:nd ...
, for fifteen minutes or so .
so you  would you prefer that I call at around five fifteen or so ?
I'll be here five fifteen .
today's date February the sixth nineteen seventy five .
okay , but I'm still gonna go home in bout fifteen minutes .
one two three four five six seven eight nine twelve twenty  .
I told him you know that it was twelve bucks .
eleven  .
twelve  .
thirteen  .
sixteen  .
seventeen  .
nineteen  .
eleven .
twelve .
thirteen .
fourteen .
fifteen .
sixteen .
seventeen .
eighteen .
nineteen .
Missus Sutton we have fifteen , right ?
that and MoonGlow have been my favorites ever since I was about twelve years old , somethin like that .
one two  three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen .
six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve .
eleven .
eleven .
six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen .
thirteen fourteen .
eleven yay !
one two three  eleven .
twelve .
eleven .
wouldn't it be great to wake up  at six or six fifteen ? 
it has set me back or set me ahead like fifteen years . 
that's why mommy's have twelve toothbrushes in the passed two months . 
when she was I don't know fourteen , fifteen months or something like that . 
sixteen maybe even . 
eleven thirty , okay . 
like the nineteen fifties newscasters ?
nine twenty seven , between nine twenty seven and ten eleven . 
so she never gets to see it cause it's on from eleven to twelve . 
oh is that number twelve ? 
oh darn what time are you gonna be back eleven ?
I'd like to apply for another credit card because twelve is not enough . 
I'm like she should stay home with a toddler for thirteen hours and see if she likes it . 
yay , what comes after eleven ?
and what comes after twelve ?
thirteen , you're great .
thirteen ! 
this is like my dad use to say like when he takes out his slide shows from when he was like thirteen . 
ten fifteen or so . 
okay so do you wanna meet at about like , you wanna  meet at like quarter to eleven ? 
I think what is it exit sixteen ? 
oh my gosh six twelve . 
it was like seventy five minutes she liked fifteen of it .
you counted to twelve in Spanish !
will you help us find all twelve eggs ? 
do you want , do you want to tell Amanda how you count to twelve in Spanish ?
right yeah nineteen thirty . 
Lily you want to count , do you wanna count to twelve in spanish for Amanda ? 
many spring flowers grow from bulbs but you haveto plant them in the fall eight to twelve weeks beforehand . 
the best time to use the maps is at around eleven P M on a clear night away from city lights . 
after twelve or thirteen weeks the tadpoles have turned into tiny frogs . 
for fifteen cents cent I don't really know the rest of it . 
she asked her mother mother mother for fifteen cents cents cents . 
it's  eleven times the size of Earth . 
and has thirteen hundred times the volume . 
its eleven .
Jupiter has sixteen moons . 
Saturn has eighteen moons . 
and they were almost thirteen feet tall . 
Mrs Bear and Sam counted cakes and there were twelve . 
they tucked them in bags and there were twelve red bags . 
it took us I think sixteen hours maybe to get home . 
Franklin packed his new pencil case with a ruler , a pencil , an eraser , and twelve colored pencils that he had sharpened himself . 
um I would guess like six fifteen it's at Lincoln center . 
and here and there around the city ninetytwo men and thirteen women are getting dressed to go to work . 
first they get washed there are ninety two men and thirteen women . 
the thirteen women put on different kinds of complicated underwear . 
woolymammoths were a type of prehistoric elephant the woolymammoth which was distinguished by its long shaggy hair was almost thirteen feet tall . 
the machrauchenia was about eleven feet tall and was shaped like a camel but with no humps . 
that one says the wooly hair has the woolymammoth has long shaggy hair and is just thirteen feet tall . 
it says that the machrauchenia was eleven feet tall and looked like a camel with no humps . 
they rename her Briar Rose after the wildflower that grows in the forest and they live here happily for sixteen years . 
for sixteen years she has lived in the forest longing for excitement and romance . 
fourteen thirteen fourteen . 
mmmmhmmm fifteen . 
sixteen . 
your clock says it's ten fourteen . 
well now it says eleven sixteen . 
uh now it says ten fifteen . 
ten fifteen . 
and um , and whenever I tell stories I'm like , oh , eighteen months to two and a half was my favorite age , she was such an angel , she never said , you know .
twelve books .
what is at , twelve books in twelve weeks ?
twelve books a week ?
are you sure it's twelve books a week ?
ten , eleven o'clock ?
it would be on eleven on , at their house .
if you turned to eleven at their house then it woulda  been on ?
it's going to come out in maybe fifteen minutes .
twelve mean twelve , right .
and you were born in nineteen .
nineteen seventeen .
nineteen seventy five .
if you were born in nineteen seventeen , you know how old you'd be this year ?
eleven .
twelve .
thirteen .
fourteen .
eleven .
twelve .
do you want it to be twelve ?
how bout eleven ?
and: twelve ?
twelve .
twelve .
well , you'll need sixteen cents .
because sixteen and nine makes ...
okay now in fifteen minutes you're going to have dinner .
at  by the time the red hand gets to the twelve  .
Matty do you remember what it is when the big hand is on the twelve  what do we say five ?
twelve  you got it .
more than nineteen yes .
it says eighteen mice skating on ice .
fifteen free flees sneezing .
okay  where's the eleven ?
ohmygoodness  it says eleven fingers .
ten  so he's got eleven .
ten eleven .
alright  so where's the twelve ?
twelve is the one and a two next to each other .
fourteen , okay .
nineteen lizards .
is it one dollar for all nineteen lizards or one dollar for each lizard ?
so I owe you nineteen dollars ?
you haveto be eighteen .
we have eleven pets  biggest pet .
you're gonna be seventeen ?
here it is drink milk there seventeen  .
but all of a sudden the clock struck twelve and she had to go .
ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen sixteen ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty .
and I'm not  I told her if she has to pass out balloons she only has twelve balloons .
it takes about  fifteen minutes to get over there .
I didn't know  she didn't tell us how much to bring so I only brought twelve .
now I've got a date but I'll pay you sixteen cents you know how much it is ?
today's date is march the twelfth , nineteen seventy five .
you brought twelve of them for her to help ?
eighteen seconds .
I'm eighteen no I'm  I'm .
he's fifteen and I'm fourteen that's twenty eight , twenty nine .
I'll be eighteen tomorrow  I'll twenty tomorrow .
tonight he won't be home until very late ten , eleven .
ten  ten thirty or eleven  .
she gets two mushrooms that's twelve dollars for me  .
you didn't behave that way when you were fourteen did you  ?
fourteen .
she may come with her  Lydia's only eighteen  .
eighteen ?
she's gonna be eighteen in about a month .
she's seventeen and some odd months  .
Avis has a wha  a what eighteen year old brother ?
one two three for five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen  .
say it in about fifteen minutes .
time is now seven fifteen .
it's fifteen minutes prior to Michael's bed .
well , she should be home about three fifteen or so .
there were twelve I think .
well , she should be home about three fifteen or so .
there were twelve , I think .
what twelve is twenty ?
eleven now .
about twelve thirty .
it has sixteen gears in it .
for twelve dollars .
for twelve dollars .
when I get sixteen I'm gonna probably have one .
when you get about sixteen you will probably have one .
well , not until eleven o'clock .
about nineteen sixty six or sixty seven ?
a bicentennial baby means , boys , just means you were born in the year of nineteen sixty six , nineteen seventy six I mean .
that's not sixteen percent .
where's the sixteen ?
fifteen minus nine is fourteen ?
fifteen minus nine ?
fifteen .
how can nine from fifteen leave sixteen ?
eleven minutes to three .
twelve past three .
it's eleven hours , at least .
eleven ?
eleven o'clock ?
twelve o'clock .
twelve PM .
twelve am .
let's count from one all the way to twelve .
and , let's see , your stomach weighs about sixteen , six .
one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve , fourteen , sixteen , twenty one , twenty one , twenty two , twenty three , twenty four , twenty five , twenty six , twenty seven , twenty eight , twenty nine , twenty , sixty , sixty one , sixty two , sixty three , sixty four , sixty five , sixty seven , sixty nine , sixty eleven , eleven , eleven one , eleven two , eleven three , eleven four , eleven five , eleven eleven , eleven six , eleven eleven , eleven six , eleven twenty two , eleven one , eleven two , eleven three , eleven four , eleven five , eleven six , eleven seven , eleven eight , eleven nine , eleven .
two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven !
eleven fingers !
because eleven is a bigger number than ten .
one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven .
well , what's a bigger number , ten or eleven ?
no , eleven .
no , eleven .
eleven .
eleven .
and he has one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven .
it's only eight fifteen .
well , she's twelve years old .
no , he's just about thirteen years younger than I am .
so you're thirteen years apart ?
about eleven thirty .
Sam was born in nineteen forty four .
Renee was born in nineteen forty four .
I am thirteen years old .
I am thirteen years old and I will introduce you to the characters who will be talking .
eleven .
twelve .
thirteen .
fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen .
eighteen .
nineteen .
sixteen copies .
George was the first president and the declaration of Independence was signed July fourth seventeen seventy six .
thirteen days away .
no , she's not , she's in the ten to twelve league , girls and she is on the same league Dana was in last year .
they said his overall average , for having done so badly , even with the first ten , even twenty games , or eighteen games , his overall average for the second part is now two hundred seventy .
oh no , and then he got something like twelve dollars the next night but on Sunday he had been getting so many hits , he got a home run on Saturday , he had been getting so many hits they only threw him one dollar .
you know when you're about five or six years old or seven there are many more things you can do with hair than when you're thirteen .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven , twelve .
eleven years ?
sixteen faces ?
eleven o'clock  see ?
eleven is number  not a letter .
yeah , so this is just like twelve hours later . 
we hafta be back home by eleven . 
fifteen months plus ... 
fifteen months plus one week . 
what's today fifteen sixteen seventeen eight .
page me at eleven thirty and I should .
I thought you said eleven . 
she said eleven I guess and I , I mixed that up . 
and you get charged twelve dollars if you don't return them . 
we'll need about ten or fifteen minutes .
eleven , what are these ? 
this is a bowl and there are twelve fish in it but where's the cat ? 
thirteen monkeys  but where's the cat ?
fourteen do:gs but where's the cat ? 
fourteen dogs .
fifteen dolphins but where's he ca:t ? 
sixteen spiders but where's the cat ?
seventeen chickens , or hens , but where's the ca:t ? 
eighteen butterflies but where's the ...
nineteen , what are these ? 
nineteen elephants but where's the cat , I see the cat's tail right here . 
she's eighteen months . 
um today is eleven , twelve , thirteen , fourteen it's Columbus Day .
and that means Naima is exactly nineteen months old happy birthday .
Naima is nineteen months old . 
ten days ago she turned nineteen months old , and ... 
this is um November fifteenth again we taped about fifteen minutes on another tape . 
nineteen thirty two . 
well , some , closer to ten thirty than eleven let's just say that , cause  she's , she's sort of ... 
Gods with the ear but I'll see if I'd be done by eleven . 
seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , today is March eleventh .
eight and three quarters by eleven and one quarter . 
eleven and three quarters , that would fit . 
so this needs to be  sixteen seventeen and a half inches .
let's see , it's , seven thirteen , so , I mean ... 
three plus fifteen ... 
because he is sixteen months old ! 
so , sixteen weeks plus twenty ... 
mmmm kay , I think we'll start this up again later that was just seventeen minutes on Wednesday , July ninth . 
it's just it's more interesting and more broken up but you know , if you go by ferry , I mean if it's say fifteen minutes for the ferry , each ferry that's half an hour of a wait plus each one is about twentyfive minutes , that's an hour and a half plus the drive time , so ... 
was it after nine eleven ? 
fifteen . 
what can I possibly feed fifteen ... 
from one to fifteen . 
between now and twelve thirty , or ..?
eleven , twelve , thirteen . 
fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , eighteen , nineteen , twenty . 
twelve ... 
eleven twelve and then twelve and then what .
thirteen .
fourteen fifteen .
I think we have a muffin tin that has twelve . 
because this has got twelve . 
the icecube tray has more than twelve and the  places for twelve muffins . 
that's  number thirteen . 
Sunday , twelve am . 
Sunday , twelve am . 
fourteen fifteen I don't know what that goes to . 
sixteen what is that story ? 
seven fifteen . 
she said we could call back in fifteen minutes , she thought they'd have em  . 
eleven children and two teachers . 
it's number sixteen on that calendar .
did you say promptly at eleven ? 
promptly at eleven , kitten ! 
we haveto leave at eleven anyway , so ...
fifteen minutes: . 
maybe in fifteen minutes or so , we'll get ourselves ready to go do that . 
that means we haveto get there well before eleven oclock . 
three sets of four makes twelve .
the exxonvaldez spilled out , out eleven million gallons of oil . 
the sticky oil soon covered eleven thousand square miles of ocean water . 
twelve is a lotta  years too . 
there was a very bad blizzard , almost this bad , seventeen years ago . 
eleven grams of protein in onefifth of a block . 
it's almost eight fifteen and you're supposed to go to bed at eight o'clock  right ?
fifteen cents you owe me .
I think we said ten  ten and five is fifteen and another ten is ...
sixteen stars .
but you guys got eleven babies here , plus four pediatric newborns .
there are eleven babies here .
there's eleven babies here , then there's four upstairs .
last night there was eleven babies in B , and three here , eleven , twelve , thirteen , fourteen , and one of those was a pediatric .
there should have been thirteen last night .
you weighed fourteen yesterday , lets see how much you are today .
fifteen minutes is not a long enough nap for a little boy .
let us see John , you started at twelve thirty five with your bottle .
eleven ...
eleven ...
fifteen where do you live ?
eighteen .
eighteen .
i:n fifteen minutes .
in fifteen minutes I'm going home  .
eleven ?
it's not very interesting  copyright nineteen fifty eight ...
oh  nineteen fifty eight by Katherine Wooley .
all the way to eleven already ?
I bet you have fourteen .
I bet you have fourteen labels .
 nine to twelve .
that's a number eleven .
thirteen ?
eighteen !
thirteen  what ?
that's eighteen all together .
you don't got sixteen things .
that's how many you seen  you seen thirteen .
eight sixteen and a half .
eight sixteen .
no it isn't over yet we got fifteen more minutes .
fifteen more minutes ?
yes because we started recording at six o'clock and we haveto record fifteen min through dinner .
she asked her mother , mother , mother for fifteen cents , cents , cents , to see the elephants , elephants , elephants jump over the fence , fence , fence .
you were waiting and waiting and waiting for quarter past twelve .
that's at twelve .
oh at twelve , okay .
quarter to twelve .
must have had sixteen .
oh , oh , it's on channel thirteen .
no , there's no eighteen .
I don't believe there's an eighteen .
no there's no eighteen .
no , it's fourteen .
that's it , on fourteen ?
and when you're eight Brian's just gonna be twelve .
he will be sixteen .
I doubt if it was sixteen steps because I wouldn't jump from sixteen steps .
, sixteen steps are the distance from up on ...
that's how much sixteen steps are .
sixteen is a big number .
yes sixteen is larger than you are .
six , sixteen will still be bigger than you .
, that's right , the number eighteen in her elevator because it's much too high for you .
oh , sixteen drills .
oh about eleven  .
nineteen twenty  twenty one , twenty two .
it's like sixteen degrees Fahrenheit .
actually what I did I took the other one up to eleven an walked down a floor .
 one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen  eighteen twenty .
in fifteen minutes we're gonna be all through , okay ?
 nineteen eighty .
nineteen eighty ParkAvenue .
nineteen ...
but would you put it back on at five fifteen ?
she gonna be a fifteen year old teenage aekuhhawlik  .
seventeen I'm .
seventeen ?
seventeen das  the one I was on ?
you haveto be thirteen an up .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen eighteen nineteen twenty twenty one twenty two seven eight nine ten eleven twelve  ...
seven eight nine ten eleven twelve .
there are twelve girls here today  .
we have twelve boys here today  .
three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve , thirteen fourteen fifteen , sixteen seventeen eighteen , nineteen , twenty , twenty one twenty two , twenty three .
one , two , three , four , five , six seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen boys an .
the average age at which children leave home today is eighteen .
mine don't leave home at eighteen .
I'm tryin to get rid of them at eighteen .
eighteen  .
what's eighteen ?
well they usually leave at eighteen , but they don't  .
nineteen  thousand .
nineteen nineteen hundred .
 because look here's eleven .
nine to eleven , I think .
you found eleven .
twelve dollars  that's expensive .
I only have sixteen dollars  and ninety five cents .
" come to my house at eleven .
" the case was solved and it was almost eleven o'clock .
" when Claude comes at eleven I will give him his list .
" it is now past eleven o'clock .
" it is now past eleven thirty .
" it is now past twelve .
and Worcester's share of that is about eleven million dollars .
bout eleven .
eleven ?
yeah but you don't get to stay up late Friday night because you didn't get up until eleven o'clock in the morning .
where's eleven ? 
where's twelve ? 
should have twelve people . 
there's twelve . 
fifteen months old . 
nine ten eleven twelve . 
thirteen fourteen fifteen . 
Timmy is fifteen months old . 
eleven stairs . 
twelve stairs . 
thirteen stairs . 
nineteen seventy . 
twelve months old . 
eleven . 
twelve . 
thirteen . 
fourteen . 
fifteen . 
nineteen . 
she got her alarm set for twelve o'clock in the daytime . 
alright  one eleven not speak to you any more tonight .
that chair's about sixteen years old .
eighteen .
seventeen more years .
quarter past twelve ?
eleven o'clock .
that's the doll that went from seven dollars and eighty eight cents to thirteen dollars and eighty eight cents .
fourteen cups and not one left .
that's right  sixteen .
a fourteen cup ?
sixteen !
it's from quarter of ten to eleven thirty .
thirteen .
thirteen years today .
it's eleven thirty .
it's only twelve thirty yet .
she bought eighteen chickens  I don't know how many ducks .
it's twenty five past eleven .
she's married thirteen years .
oh St Joseph and twelve angels .
at twelve thirty .
thirteen kids .
I thought it was ten minutes of eleven .
it was ten minutes of twelve .
he'll be nineteen Sunday .
eleven o'clock  my Mother and I are sitting here ...
eleven o'clock at night after sitting up in bed for two and three hours .
twelve thirty .
at twelve o'clock we wake her up  after mass .
eleven o'clock  huh .
twelve o'clock sleepin ?
you missed thirteen again .
fourteen .
thirteen  fourteen .
so that's fifteen  seven is seventeen .
the big hand has to get on twelve  before it's five o'clock .
eleven o'clock in the mornin ?
eight pounds  fourteen ounces .
six eleven .
yeah  she was six eleven .
yeah  he woke her up at eleven o'clock .
it looks like a  seventeen .
looks like a twelve .
eleven ?
" how much if fifteen  four .
eleven thirty she got up yesterday .
well  he gets through Saturday at twelve o'clock .
when he said it was one hundred twelve  ".
you can't put the ten on the eleven .
my brother left Kentucky at eleven thirty Saturday .
no  twelve .
fourteen days .
I'll see you , I'll be back in about fifteen minutes .
you haveto be eighteen years old to drink wine .
five , six or twelve !
I wonder who gave you twelve hundred dollars  ?
I would be really happy if I won twelve hundred dollars  .
about fifteen minutes ago .
well  it's a dollar nineteen a pound which is cheaper than lean hamburger .
well  at least you've got fourteen years to go until you get your driver's license .
, seven  eleven ...
, twelve  eighteen ...
, ten  twelve ...
 nineteen !
nineteen ?
does that mean you're nineteen years old ?
what does nineteen mean ?
I have thirteen of these I have thirteen I have , thirteen .
I'm gonna have fourteen too .
eleven ...
ten after eleven .
ten after eleven I was in the area .
ten after eleven .
ten after eleven ?
you must have used eighteen napkins already .
I had six  sixteen places I went to .
nine fifteen  .
I've gotta keep this going fifteen minutes .
well , about fifteen minutes .
fifteen minutes in the morning , fifteen minutes  ?
well for fifteen more minutes for this thing here just stay around here .
not till fifteen minutes .
channel thirteen that thing I missed  it .
can't afford nineteen cents ?
for nineteen .
age range nineteen to twenty five .
okay eight grade , nineteen twenty five .
it's twelve thirteen .
eleven  twelve .
eleven  .
thirteen .
thirteen  .
 is it the twelfth thirteen fourteen what ?
it's July nineteen eighty nine huh ?
oh well yeah , ten or fifteen ...
they got twelve exchanges knocked out .
fifteen minutes honey .
march fourteen .
march fourteen I said .
you forgot thirteen again  .
how come you always forget thirteen we're gonna really haveto work on that huh ?
he gets home about  between , between six fifteen and six thirty .
and here's twelve o'clock , and then you go right what's after this ?
one o'clock , here's two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven .
four , five , six , seven eight nine ten eleven .
so if you look at  so if I count , it goes look , one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve .
oh , cause you can't stay up too much , you only can stay up a fifteen minutes , okay ?
hands at the twelve .
eleven o'clock eleven o'clock .
eleven o'clock , eleven o'clock what do we wear ?
twelve .
yeah see you have one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve .
that's number eleven .
that's eleven .
eleven s after ten .
you didn't put the twelve in .
where's the twelve ?
twelve o'clock .
twelve o'clock .
oh what was it twelve o'clock ?
what's twelve o'clock time to do ?
what do we do at twelve o'clock ?
who comes home at twelve ?
to eat lunch at twelve .
that's twelve .
twelve .
six seven eight nine ten eleven .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven .
twelve fourteen .
twelve thirteen .
twelve thirteen .
fourteen .
thirteen fourteen .
sixteen seventeen eighteen hey Mom I really figured it out didn't I ?
, and today's date is April third nineteen seventy five .
and maybe until ten thirty , eleven leave the shirt on an then you can put this back on .
just for fifteen minutes ?
that in fifteen minutes before they eat you want them .
twelve thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , seventeen , eighteen nineteen twenty .
that's eleven .
eleven ?
that's a eleven ?
he's eleven ?
fourteen dollars !
fifteen ?
even before your thirteen .
you're the sixteen Broncos .
fifteen amigos .
not the fifteen amigos .
I haveto record her for fifteen minutes while on the way  to school .
this morning I got up at eleven  thirty .
twelve .
yeah I'm pushing twelve .
everybody holds twelve for four .
the time is now four , four fourteen , so anywhere between now and I guess four thirty we'll sit down and eat dinner and I'm just going to let the tape play right on out and I'll set up the next tape ,  yup .
you can watch thirteen .
well it's you know like ten , twelve years old something like that .
one to six , seven to nine and then ten to twelve .
and then nine to twelve was considered high school .
mhm I find that a lot of fifteen year old girls in this city look older .
" the king was the judge and the jury was made up of twelve different animals  .
 around with that for fifteen minutes .
four fifteen now . 
going on twelve . 
she not coming back til twelve thirty . 
it's just eleven o'clock . 
you  take a nap at twelve . 
one two three  fifteen ...
if you wanna come at ten that's better because at twelve there's a parade we were just gonna go to . 
it's only going to take me like  fifteen minutes to get to that spot . 
eleven ? 
it says point to where seventeen jellybeans lie , where are the jellybeans ?
ni:ne ten eleven . 
so we get there at like , quarter of seven and we wait in line til like eight fifteen .
yeah I guess it depends if you have any money , I was going to say a trip to like the job lot or like building nineteen or something . 
thirteen beetles in a bottle . 
fifteen free freeze sneezing . 
twelve hooks in a book . 
sixteen sheep walking in their sleep . 
seventeen stars sparkle around mars . 
fourteen seven flies with fourteen eyes . 
let's see nineteen cups piled up . 
eighteen mice skating on ice . 
eleven fingers . 
nineteen cups . 
fifteen mice skating on ice . 
thirteen beetles in a bottle . 
forty instead of fourteen .
the temperature of the water has dropped below fourteen centigrade . 
you found twelve ?
nine fifty , fourteen dollars .
let's see , the cleanser's  eighteen .
that's six twelve bucks .
and it's twelve bucks .
let's see , fourteen ...
eighteen , plus twelve equals , that's ninetytwo . 
fourteen dollars .
at eight fifteen . 
at eight fifteen . 
fourteen dollars .
can you find number eleven ? 
eleven has two ones see ? 
eleven like that . 
can I find fourteen ?
can you find eighteen ? 
where's eighteen ?
where's eighteen ? 
one and eight is eighteen .
n:o not fifteen , how many's  that ?
eleven ...
twelve ...
the common flea is a champion jumper it can jump more than seven inches high and thirteen inches long . 
some goldfish have lived for seventeen years . 
queen ants may live up to fifteen years . 
cats usually live to be about fifteen . 
dogs usually live to be about thirteen . 
the jerboa jumped fifteen . 
the giraffe is the tallest animal on Earth it can grow to be nineteen feet tall . 
the thirteen year old gets three baths and is sprayed with safe for horses disinfectant before making his hospital rounds . 
um: Gwen doesn't go into work until like eleven  so ... 
I usually  if every thing going well by about eleven o'clock in the morning I am through with the school part of it .
okay we have  eleven boys is that a odd or a even number ?
right you can't do anything eleven is a odd number  .
eighteen .
" Joshua two eighteen . 
" Daniel one twelve . 
" genesis one fourteen . 
Matthew eighteen twelve and thirteen . 
nineteen forty two . 
printed in nineteen seventy six . 
it's eleven o'clock . 
how bout fifteen more minutes ? 
you've gained almost twelve pounds . 
we only got fifteen minutes more . 
two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen . 
eighteen nineteen twenty twenty one twenty two twenty three twenty four . 
twelve hour shift . 
one twelve . 
one twelve . 
could be finished with this here in fifteen minute . 
we'll leave at twelve o'clock . 
you only stay in here for like  fifteen minutes . 
fifteen . 
sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty . 
I gotta work Wednesday night  from eleven to nine . 
eleven to six then eleven to nine . 
I don't work eleven to nine til tomorrow . 
it was only seventeen dollar . 
I'm posed to be at work at eleven . 
we need  eighteen hours to get ready . 
six to twelve months , honey . 
and last time it was around eleven thirty . 
eleven forty on that clock . 
put that on at eleven thirty . 
say “I'm not even eighteen months” ! 
but the Jumpstart thing only start for eighteen months . 
round eleven thirty you need to get on the pot . 
cause I work two to eleven . 
they used to give you a three to eleven . 
eleven hour shifts overnight . 
twelve dollars !
a bottle of milk couldn't be twelve dollars .
we have , four kids , a two year old and a sixteen year old disabled , child so we have lotsof ...
she's like a sixteen year old infant .
here's  eleven . 
after ten comes eleven .
eleven  fingers . 
there's thirteen .
there's thirteen right here . 
thirteen ...
thirteen beetles in a bottle .
there's fourteen .
sixteen .
eleven . 
thirteen . 
fourteen . 
fifteen . 
seventeen . 
eighteen .
nineteen . 
eighteen . 
no , say eighteen . 
mark hasn't figured out that he's not five and a half and you haven't figured out that you're not eleven  .
four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve .
Zoe , you're gonna eat in a fifteen minutes .
yep in fifteen minutes  .
