crayons that aren't all busted up into a thousand pieces .
Daddy's up to a hundred and fifty again . 
are you a hundred ?
you're a hundred ?
that says five hundred words to grow on .
ten million hundred pepperoni pizzas. 
a hundred kids for ...  
I bet you have  a hundred of them. 
can you do it  up to a hundred ? 
I asked for purple thousand times, and.
okay  it's one hundred dollars . 
it is one hundred dollars . 
here's one hundred dollars  . 
thousand fiery pieces . 
I want you to get it one hundred percent right . 
three hundred fifty six . 
never in a million years ? 
this is  june the first ninteen hundred and seventy seven and Laura is six years old . 
how about a hundred and eighty five . 
then a hundred . 
and you're probably down to three hundred . 
four hundred . 
six hundred  . 
eight hundred . 
no a thousand . 
do you think you can count to a thousand . 
when he gets stinged  he won't want to go in there for a thousand years . 
that picture they paid seven hundred dollars for . 
" she weighs eight hundred pounds . 
oh  of fifty thousand years . 
forty thousand . 
has a hundred watt bulb in it ans bright . 
what you were sayin a hundred times a minute ago . 
this guy lived to be a hundred an sixteen . 
not eighteen hundred . 
a thousand  but the jackets were fairly cheap . 
 to him it's a thousand miles . 
a thousand miles for a little turtle . 
let's see is it three hundred seventeen giraffes ?
I'll never eat a thousand hamburgers I don't want that to happen to me do you want honey on your toast ?
he went a thousand miles ?
what else could we do , we did all these things a hundred times today . 
I can't look it's shattered in a million pieces .
no we haven't had any Windex in a hundred years because you kept saying you were gonna buy a refill buy a refill then you took mine ... 
and a million million million million million bumps . 
five hundred seeds what are they crazy ? 
I wish I had the room for five hundred seeds . 
if you were a shark you could have two hundred teeth to brush . 
course  she's not three hundred pounds .
you're making a million bubbles .
oh Amy makes a million bubbles .
a one hundred dollar bill .
Angela  Carl just gave us a one hundred dollar bill .
he just gave us a one hundred dollar bill .
he just gave us a one hundred dollar bill .
a hundred forty ninth street hundred fortieth  street .
did you walk to a hundred twenty fifth street yesterday ?
ten thousand  ?
just to a hundred an ...
just to a hundred an twenty fifth street ?
don't that go up to a hundred  ?
is this a hundred an twenty fifth street ?
that's a hundred an twenty fifth street .
ya  know she live all the way a hundred an street .
he is on a hundred fifty first street .
okay I brought a thousand dollars home .
I brought one hundred dollars home .
here's your one hundred dollars .
he's got three hundred sixty five birthdays ?
you see he wrapped up everything in the house so he could have three hundred sixty five presents .
so he's got three hundred fifty six birthdays ?
thankyou six million dollar man .
these are the bones of a three million year old woman .
sixty , seventy , eighty , ninety , one hundred , number one , number two ...
no no , it has a range of about six hundred feet .
two hundred and thirty four dollars ?
did he think I had two hundred and thirty four dollars ?
I weigh a hundred and fifteen .
I weigh a hundred and fifteen .
about a hundred and forty .
a hundred and forty !
and I weigh a hundred and fifteen .
two hundred .
I bet you a hundred dollars you don't get it in .
no I bet you a hundred dollars I bought em today .
a million years ago .
I heard you say that about a thousand times . 
, was a speed skater but much better in the short sprints got a speed medal in the fifteen hundred meters which is a long course and she wasn't expected to do that well there . 
I think he weighs about a hundred an:d sixty five , pounds ?
" oh a thousand tweets !
alright , you want me to teach you how to play five hundred ?
we're , we're playing five hundred and ...
this how you play five hundred  .
and Robert you've fifty , sixty five , seventy , eighty , ninety , hundred and ten .
oh , a hundred and twenty .
five hundred ?
yeah play five hundred .
wanna play five hundred David ?
we're playing five hundred .
that's how five hundred go .
you could say  you went to the hundred and ninth floor .
"  were on the hundred and ninth floor .
do you watch the six million dollar man all the time  ?
there was a store right down on one hundred sixteenth street .
, by a one hundred tenth .
here four hundred dollars , you can't go go backwards .
two hundred dollars ?
have a spring sale , spring sale on Hundred Nineteenth Street .
this country is two hundred years old .
it tells about two  what happened two hundred years ago ...
go on the other side and take the Lexington avenue train at a hundred forty ninth street and the Concord .
oh , from a hundred thirty fifth ?
a hundred thirty fifth would be four .
I live a hundred an thirty third street ...
I live a hundred thirty third street apartment ...
twenty four hundred, I think, for me. 
well, okay, I'll get out the four hundred bones, and how bout send your husband over to pick them up, okay? 
but that comes to one hundred dollars please. 
one morning , pooh woke up from an excellent sleep to discover winter had arrived in the hundred acre wood , look at the snow . 
and Mexico has the lowest suicide rate at one point six per thousand and Hungary has the highest at twenty nine point six per one hundred thousand .
you're supposed to chew it a hundred times or something like that ? 
you could read a thousand books . 
page one hundred and ten  .
boy we could use it for a hundred days .
" yes Miss Nelson said the kids in two hundred and seven .
" not so fast said the big kid in three hundred and nine .
" while dusting erasers in the school yard three of the ring leaders of two hundred and seven discussed the situation .
" and as the stroke of  at the stroke of ten the kids from two hundred and seven left the building .
" back in two hundred and seven Miss Nelson's kids were spending an agreeable afternoon .
" the big kid in three hundred and nine was certainly right .
I've three hundred times of each year .
a hundred ?
yeah hundred an fifty park .
I guess he wanted a thousand dollars or something ...
" he was seventy feet long and weighed more than sixty thousand pounds .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten  Scoobydoo ninety nine a hundred .
one two three fifty three ninety nine a hundred  .
but the other one  has a thousand drops of water twenty drops of water four hundred drops of water .
they're going to the hundred? 
you want a go all the way to a hundred ?
one hundred !
now try counting to a hundred by yourself .
a hundred per customer .
a hundred per customer .
a hundred per customer .
a hundred per customer .
a hundred per customer .
a hundred and twenty ?
that would be a million times a thousand .
is that a billion ?
I think it's a million .
well for two hundred bucks you stay in a hotel room for four nights you know what I mean ?
a hundred and thirty five pounds .
well that means that a hundred and thirty six pounds .
pretend I said he's a thousand years old you said ".
he's a thousand years old .
about a hundred an sixty pounds .
buy , a hundred dollars you gotta give me a hundred dollars an ?
four hundred fifty .
I don't like the six million dollar man .
say like a hundred and seventy thousand .
it's Benjamin's three hundred sixty five birthdays .
I I make it a point not to watch the six million dollar man .
a hundred ? 
two plus two is a hundred ? 
three hundred and fifty .
there's a million things in that one basket I just want to warn you .
is it going in a thousand pieces ?
I live in the hundred acre wood . 
I love the hundred acre wood , all of my friends live here . 
I mean a big , thick book , there must have been a couple of hundred recipes in it . 
it was so easy we got it at Billy's factory store it's in Fall River it was like I think the whole I think the piece was like one hundred and twenty five dollars maybe .
in any sense , she's kind of recognizing that she did something that she's not a hundred percent proud of .
there's over a hundred and fifty dollars worth here . 
over a hundred and fifty dollars worth , he gasped . 
one hundred percent . 
one hundred percent .
and their original prices were all like three hundred five hundred dollars . 
and they were all a hundred to two hundred dollars . 
they have um Jimmy Chew shoes I mean whatever I'm obviously not going to spend four hundred dollars on a pair of shoes but . 
if they just sold a roll of stickers like a hundred feet long . 
Indiana the Indianapolis five hundred . 
I'll teach my dog one hundred words . 
up out of the jungle , up into the sky , up over the mountains ten thousand feet ... 
one hundred percent !
I meant what I said and I said what I meant , an elephant's  faithful one hundred percent . 
one hundred percent .
up out of the jungle , up into the sky , up over the mountains , ten thousand feet high . 
I meant what I said , and I said what I meant , an elephant's  faithful one hundred percent . 
one hundred percent . 
the solar system was once a cloud of dust and gas that stretched for more than a trillion miles ! 
about five billion years ago a nearby star exploded sending shockwaves through the cloud . 
wow: the Sun is more than a million times larger than the Earth . 
can rise to more than eight hundred degrees !
and has thirteen hundred times the volume . 
winds at the equator travel at more than three hundred miles an hour . 
it's  a storm that has been raging for at least three hundred years .
it has three hundred miles of passages . 
the sun is more than a million times larger than Earth . 
wow , and the four largest were discovered four hundred years ago . 
there's over a hundred and fifty dollars worth here . 
hundred and fifty dollars worth he said giving the man who had said he could take as much as he wanted one of his hardest stares . 
yeah I've just I've been running like uh like either ninety nine to a hundred and one basically ...
I've had like ninety nine to a hundred and one for like the past week and a half .
about a hundred cookies . 
you ate a hundred cookies ? 
then when the one hundred and five people are completely ready each takes an instrument a musical instrument and travels to midtown . 
and here and there uptown and downtown and across the bridges of the city one hundred and five people are getting dressed to go to work . 
all the one hundred and five men and women say goodbye . 
and they walk out of one hundred and five doors into one hundred and five streets and there they take taxicabs cars subways or busses to the middle of the city . 
at eight twenty five on friday night in the middle of the city one hundred and four people walk onto the big stage in philharmonic hall . 
one hundred and one of the men are women are carrying the musical instruments that were in those cases . 
there are one hundred and two chairs on the stage and two stools . 
one hundred and four people take their seats the double bass players sit on stools see the big  double bass . 
there he can be seen very clearly by the one hundred and four people on the stage and by the hundreds of people in the audience . 
it is eight thirty on Friday night and the one hundred and five men and women dressed completely in black and white have gone to work turning the black notes on white pages into a symphony . 
and appeared about two million years ago during the iceage  of the pleistocene epoch . 
the sabertooth tigers first appeared sometime between twenty six and thirty six million years ago . 
djou  remember which dinosaur had the two thousand teeth which dinosaur had all those teeth ? 
a three hundred sandwich ? 
what's on you three hundred sandwich ? 
okay , eps file , and it needs to be three hundred dpi .
oh hot springs you can but those are all like a hundred and five to a hundred and twenty degrees Fahrenheit .
the next week , we took the subway up a hundred and twenty fifth street in Harlem . 
a thousand ?
yes this has a hundred pieces and this has a hundred pieces , those are lots and lots .
a hundred dollars ?
I don't have a hundred dollars all I have is a nickel .
three hundred dollars ?
oh , I don't have three hundred dollars .
again three hundred dollars ?
I don't have three hundred dollars .
doesn't she have like a thousand babies or something ?
more than seven  a thousand .
a hundred dollars  just for that !
a hundred ?
a hundred and ninety dollars for that stuff ?
do you have a hundred and ninety dollars ?
it's a hundred , when you get to one hundred , you win .
ten hundred .
ten hundred quarters .
four , is that close to one hundred ?
ordinarily  it's three hundred times a day .
I think about a hundred yards  ...
that's what I asked her , I said Jennifer , is this how it looked a hundred years ago ?
I don't know why somebody who cleared over a million dollars last year lives on our block  ?
da:ddy but you would think somebody who cleared over a million dollars , you don't jus .
now I don't think that if you cleared over a million dollars you would live on that block  .
, over a million dollars should live in the appropriate neighborhood an everything ?
for the sake of having a million dollars jus live with a whole bunch of other people who made  who consistently make a million dollars if if if it may in fact turn out that ...
New York state now , is  they've assessed all the doctors a hundred dollars , they're gonna start investigating or studying how to underwrite their own insurance .
I'm a hundred  .
I had thought a hundred times of mentioning the possibility to Owen but  .
a hundred yards .
they all weigh over two hundred pounds  .
they weigh over two hundred pounds too  .
I want you to have a thousand dollars .
two hundred dollars ?
I'm not a hundred percent sure .
if you lose a hundred pounds , you would melt away ?
you wouldn't see me if I lose a hundred pounds .
the catalytic converter just cost us three hundred fifty dollars .
eight thousand dollars ?
eight thousand dollars is right ?
our car would be ten thousand dollars would you say ?
this past year it was costing a little over eight thousand dollars for that Ford Fairmont .
we paid forty five hundred dollars .
well , their boat was ten thousand dollars and .
bacon is one hundred ten calories per inch stick .
I would guess three hundred .
still not three hundred .
yogurt is like five hundred .
three hundred .
a carton of yogurt is probably more like two hundred .
they said his overall average , for having done so badly , even with the first ten , even twenty games , or eighteen games , his overall average for the second part is now two hundred seventy .
it's better than one hundred ninety eight .
oh he's a free agent , so he , if he goes on the market somebody like the WhiteSox , who have a short left field fence will pay him a million dollars even .
about a hundred ?
one thousand ?
a hundred thousand dollars a year .
two thousand and two .
October fourteenth two thousand and two .
um here they are having fun in a Hundred Acre Wood . 
these diapers do not smell one hundred percent clean to me . 
they went to the hundred acre wood . 
so she had a hundred and two point four temperature after you left and I did call the nurse and . 
he made a hundred scrumptious pancakes . 
the next night he brought a hundred scrumptious doughnuts . 
the next night he brought a hundred scrumptious doughnuts . 
weighing a hundred pounds . 
and gave him a hundred kisses ! 
that's a hundred scrumptious lumps of porridge is what it is . 
it's a hundred scrumptious lumps of porridge and there's a bird at the feeder . 
and I was also on an , an email group of people who are following her plan , and there's like eight hundred people on the list . 
sometimes we can't be a hundred percent sure . 
of July , two thousand and three ...
twelvth today is August twelvth two thousand and three . 
it's August twenty first two thousand and three . 
it is the morning of August twentyninth , two thousand and three .
this is the Hundred Acre Wood . 
today is March eighth two thousand four .
hundred dollars ? 
hmmm well I don't really have a hundred dollars . 
ha ha I can make a hundred dollars . 
well hundred dollars is not that I don't have it . 
is that hundred dollars seems like too much money to me to spend for something like this .
about fifty million gallons of crude oil weighed it down .
the exxonvaldez spilled out , out eleven million gallons of oil . 
that much oil could fill over a thousand big swimming pools .
the sticky oil soon covered eleven thousand square miles of ocean water . 
beep that's a hundred dollars . 
well we are not gonna spend a hundred dollars on dahl . 
a hundred dollars on dahl ?
did you realize you were buying dahl for a hundred dollars ? 
that'll make up for not buying a hundred dollar dahl . 
oh: well that means it's a hundred dollars minus ninetynine dollars . 
I would not spend a hundred dollars . 
ah , let's go home , I can't wait to have some dahl for a hundred dollars . 
hundred dollars . 
and the bear wants maple syrup for a hundred dollars . 
a hundred inches ? 
she has one hundred and four .
you wanna go all the way to a hundred ?
one hundred !
now try counting to a hundred by yourself .
one hundred pounds ?
when we count up your words today we're gonna have about four thousand seesaws and very little else  seesaw .
you havin yours in hundred .
oh it will be alright because it was only on three hundred .
apartment one hundred .
I can count to a hundred without countin it .
hey Keisha six million dollar man .
nineteen  thousand .
nineteen nineteen hundred .
fifty thousand dollars ?
two hundred dollars !
and Worcester's share of that is about eleven million dollars .
I haven't seen Arsenio in like a million years  so I want to see it .
got a million books .
you got nine thousand  why worry about one .
and I've got about a thousand errands to do before I can ...
it's got the guarantee on it for another ten thousand miles .
a thousand days ?
a million year ?
forty hundred  huh ?
forty hundred pounds .
he had about a thousand weeks .
when he said it was one hundred twelve  ".
oh about three thousand more .
I wonder who gave you twelve hundred dollars  ?
I would be really happy if I won twelve hundred dollars  .
one hundred  .
is that like thousand year old eggs ?
you go klutzy at em and you'll break it in  into a hundred pieces .
there's a million meters around there .
car can go a hundred years now it'll never happen .
I can make a million green peas .
a million and billion .
I think this has a range of about six hundred feet .
six hundred  .
so if  we buy it for ninety thousand .
ten hundred !
ten hundred .
one thousand ?
have you already mistaken what you have for two hundred a month ?
mh:m right on one hundred thirty first street on Madison .
the twenty five thousand puramid   .
yeah two hundred .
three hundred  .
five hundred  !
seven hundred  .
twenty five thousand !
twenty five thousand .
dat  man won twenty five thousand dollars .
twenty five thousand dollars !
six thousand sixty six .
thousand .
six thousand .
six thousand sixty six .
seventy thousand .
six thousand ...
one hundred !
yeah when you see two zeros together say hundred .
nine hundred .
nine hundred !
eight hundred .
seven hundred !
six hundred !
nine thousand nine hundred .
nine hundred !
nine hundred .
thousand .
nine thousand .
nine hundred .
nine hundred .
eighty hundred .
that's approximately two hundred and forty eighth street .
ol million dollar smile . 
we could read about the one hundred and one Dalmatians . 
I'll count to a hundred Mom  .
I said I'd count to a hundred  .
I figure we'll give her a hundred . 
hundred's good . 
he measures in mass at one hundred feet long from his head to the tip of his tail .
everyone wanted to look the way people did one hundred years ago . 
I had a million toys but I was bored .
you've got a million toys .
a hundred pack of toilet paper . 
cause since I got that new binky , it's been like a hundred times better . 
why do you need me to hold you on the potty , you're silly , you've gone on the potty a million times .
one hundred forty ? 
and left one hundred footprints to show where it had been . 
and reach length of three hundred twenty five feet or one hundred meters wow . 
it's good to take an hour or two off after a hundred million years , said the dinosaur . 
no said the dinosaur , I've had a good time , the best I've had in a hundred million years ... 
i'm not gonna hold you , because I've already tried to hold you about a hundred times and you pushed me away , right ?
to go that many miles in a fast car you would haveto travel a hundred miles an hour for three whole months without stopping . 
in the lake he grew to a hundred pound lump . 
" when Jesus fed five thousand men and all the women and children . 
like you been doing it a hundred years or something . 
a million dollars . 
somebody told me  it's gonna be a hundred plus degree . 
cause my daddy spended a hundred dollars on this mess and it's just thrown all up in the toy box . 
I'm gonna say it's around , for be around four hundred dollars . 
uh no I , talked to the owner about four hundred dollars it'd be , it shouldn't be more than four hundred . 
they said it was gonna be under four hundred dollars .
too hundred eight .
no , two thousand six .
