it's it's two thirty two .
February first , nineteen eighty four .
we've got about fifty rolls of those .
twenty two .
twenty two .
twenty two .
she's twenty two and you're two .
okay , both side A and B were both Parent Lastname and Child Lastname , taped on the thirteenth of March , nineteen eighty six , at their home .
you weigh thirty.
no, thirty three, but we haveto get a new needle on your record
high today is only fifty eight degrees.
 thirty-four , thirty-five→ thirty-six , thirty-seven→
fifty , ⌈fifty-one⌉
fifty-two , fifty-three , ˈfifty-four , 
 over ˈfifty marbles→
only seventy percent of people don't want large cars.
oh, you weigh forty three pounds.
no, you weigh thirty five pounds.
 February twenty fourth .
February twenty fi ...
twenty fifth .
twenty fifth , nineteen eighty four .
five thirty .
she has about fifty birds .
, Saturday April twenty six , and it's the second meeting with Parent and Child Lastname at their home .
and Child's birthday is April ten , nineteen eighty four .
you better go ask her if she doesn't mind waiting until eight thirty .
Jill's class isn't untill ten thirty so I can wait around ...
it's eight thirty anyway .
this is Parent and Child Lastname , we are taping at their home , on February twenty five , nineteen eighty six .
about thirty degrees outside .
today is June five , nineteen eighty six , and Investigator and Observer are taping the second session of Child Lastname and her mother Parent Lastname , in the Child Study Center at College .
and Child's birthday is April fifteen , nineteen eighty four .
it's July twenty eighth , nineteen eighty six .
march twenty fourth . -
 May twenty ninth . 
you  need to go to class in twenty minutes .
thirty .
okay , this is November fourth , nineteen eighty five , and this is the second meeting with Child and Parent .
August  twenty . 
Daddy's up to a hundred and fifty again . 
twenty . 
Laura's twenty two months old  . 
and then I made forty of em. 
it's gonna be eight thirty on nine o'clock. 
it's eight thirty already. 
she gonna be here at eighty o'clock. 
my father is twenty years old. 
and thirty one. 
 I'm gonna say my homework is at seven thirty one. 
finish my homework to  seven thirty one to six. 
to six thirty one. 
he's  he's coming on the eight thirty if you go to sleep! 
seems to me that those were twenty nine or thirty two dollars before , and now I think I saw them yesterday for twelve dollars .
ninety six .
cause you can still go to the store every week and make a twenty five dollar payment or something , as if you were puttinem on lay away .
is it two ninety nine ?
twenty seventh of June .
twenty seventh of June ?
ten plus ten equals twenty .
 what's today , the twenty first ?
thirty three inches !
this session is an hour anyway , but it's forty five minutes on a side so ...
twenty .
what do you do with twenty sided dice ?
this is four December , nineteen eighty five , and the child is Child Lastname with his mother Parent Lastname .
the child was born tenth of March nineteen eighty three .
my next birthday I'm gonna  be thirty . 
it's got thirty .  
twenty . 
twenty  . 
twenty  . 
, twenty dollars . 
are there really twenty dollars in there ? 
call for fifty nine. 
August  twenty  
five twenty seven  am . 
twenty four, you got twenty four animals. 
just for forty five minutes. 
I'll be back in ˈthirty minutes→
I'll be back in ˈthirty minutes , 
Child's birthday is July first , nineteen eighty three , and we are taping at their home .
it is Saturday , February twenty two .
child's birthday is April eight , nineteen eighty four .
it's July twenty five , nineteen eighty six .
nineteen eighty . 
twenty five  . 
and then somebody else  said Andrew could you babysit my kids for twenty minutes . 
twenty four hours . 
I mean for twenty eight hours  . 
it's only seventy four . 
nineteen twenty  . 
it's September the twenty  third . 
I grew you when I was twenty seven , I guess . 
I was twenty seven . 
now I'm thirty . 
it's gonna take thirty years!
dig very thirty years.
oh it's  ten thirty six .
thirty six .
thirty six .
you better get out of the bath because it takes you half and hour to put on your makeup and we haveto leave in twenty minutes . 
that's Frederick Douglas Day  a famous antislavery leader and orator who died in eighteen ninety five . 
fifty five hours ? 
it's May thirty first . 
nineteen sixty six . 
we had seventy five people . 
how old are you on October the first nineteen seventy five ? 
how old are you on October the first nineteen seventy five ? 
twenty . 
thirty . 
thirty one . 
thirty three . 
thirty four . 
forty . 
okay  forty one . 
forty seven . 
fifty . 
fifty ... 
sixty . 
sixty ... 
sixty seven . 
seventy . 
okay  seventy one . 
seventy seven  eighty . 
ten twenty  time for boys to go to bed . 
about sixty years ago . 
twenty four . 
twenty six . 
twenty nine . 
it's going real well because it went all the way to thirty . 
thirty . 
three hundred fifty six . 
ninety four . 
that's a twenty you've seen it before . 
some days they would keep as many as thirty seven trucks busy . 
fifty cents  okay  ? 
your mommy's thirty eight . 
this is  june the first ninteen hundred and seventy seven and Laura is six years old . 
you weigh thirty pounds ! 
now what can I have if I weigh thirty pounds . 
how about a hundred and eighty five . 
eighty  eighty eight . 
eighty eight  . 
eighty eight . 
then you can count to eighty five . 
eighty eight . 
yeah  and fifty toys . 
thirty  thirty . 
okay  thirty Bandor kids . 
this is the boys sixty seven . 
what if two of em come on at eight and the other two come on at eight thirty ? 
Munsters on channel twenty two  WoodyWoodpecker on fifty three . 
today is March twenty second . 
" it's eleven twenty . 
uhuh it's eleven twenty . 
see it's not  eleven twenty anymore . 
eleven twenty one ? 
twenty four  five . 
could you go down and get another twenty five ? 
forty big deal . 
he got  he got twenty five . 
he all  he got  he got twenty five every day . 
six thirty . 
oh look , I get to go from thirty six up because you know why I went up ? 
eighty eight . 
start at eighty eight  . 
okay Ross here we are playing  ShootsandLadders on April twenty first again . 
I know you're on ninety nine . 
today is what  , April twenty sixth . 
out or any of us twenty fi  twenties or what ever . 
might a been twenty . 
I think I could add another twenty cents probably . 
so about five dollars and thirty five cents  right ? 
twenty . 
this is Mark and Ross , July thirty first , it's evening time . 
you got home the thirtieth  thirty first which was Wednesday . 
she could run the whole twenty six miles huh ? 
who you having ninety six people ? 
about ninety percent humidity . 
or ninety five . 
or ninety eight  . 
twenty five years ? 
at least twenty five years  . 
shouldn't be in school for forty years ... 
well you should go out and do another twenty minutes of running . 
our sleeping capacity now is only twenty five . 
I think seven thirty . 
it's almost eight thirty . 
a seven forty seven airplane ? 
" can you count up to twenty ladybirds ? 
it's nine thirty . 
an Audi ten eleven or a seven thirty seven or one of the big ones . 
" the beggars said that they had not had a bath for fifty months . 
eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty . 
twenty one twenty two twenty three twenty four twenty five twenty six twenty seven twenty eight twenty nine . 
thirty thirty one thirty two thirty three thirty four thirty five thirty six thirty seven . 
this is twenty . 
what do we have twenty of ? 
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty  ladybugs . 
oh no , thirty more days  thirty more days , Mark . 
thirty more days before he moves ? 
you weigh thirty eight pounds . 
grandpa said that you were thirty eight inches tall . 
and you weigh thirty eight pounds . 
" it is now four thirty .
Daddy's twenty five .
eighty . 
oh  of fifty thousand years . 
forty thousand . 
it s about six thirty in the morning . 
this s Febuary twenty eighth . 
it s five thirty in the afternoon and you just finished your nap . 
it s March the twenty first in the morning . 
it s already six thirty . 
anre thirty years old . 
yes it  fifty cents for everybody else . 
today is April the twenty fifth . 
drowned in Honolulu July thirteenth eighteen ninety nine age twenty two years . 
this is somebody that died in eighteen ninety ? 
he s twenty four today . 
what is today , the twenty first ? 
twelve thirty . 
seven thirty or eight . 
ant get in till about twelve thirty . 
June the twenty seventh .
June the twenty seventh today .
twenty months and three weeks . 
hey you do nt haveto be there till eight thirty . 
an it is August the twenty third . 
anre still only twenty two months old . 
it s August twenty ninth . 
it s from nineteen twenty . 
eight thirty , quarter t nine . 
no eighteen sixty . 
" died by crash nineteen fifty nine . 
in eighteen sixty fi . 
eighteen sixty . 
today is the twenty fourth of September . 
September twenty fourth . 
if we wake up at eight thirty in the morning . 
and we  the doctor at nine thirty . 
so sometime I ll get thirty nine or forty shots off a thirty six exposure roll . 
it  seven thirty . 
it s the twenty seventh of October . 
well it s November the twenty first . 
well  you take sixty eight and divide it into fifty and eighteen Ross . 
an then you add the fifty and the fifty together . 
I can barely walk anymore  or at least thirty two and thirty eight . 
blue fox and raccoon  two fifty eight  . 
two eighty five . 
eighty three . 
eighty four  just one extra one . 
by the way I'll tell you this is June twenty second  . 
fifty nine times ? 
" Ford Coupe Nineteen Thirty Six .
I don't know about fifty seven fifty for the tv say Abe  what are you doing ?
later on he comes on at six thirty .
yeah at six thirty one hour and fifteen minutes do you think that you can wait that long ?
from about twelve forty five to two o'clock .
that's what I want to do the weekend of the twenty seventh .
over on the volleyball court they're everywhere I bet there were seventy five mushrooms out there .
why don't you count to thirty and I'll bet we'll eat .
count to thirty count to thirty can you count to thirty ?
don't count to thirty .
it says it is three thirty .
it says it's three thirty .
here I have about twenty scars on my hands .
Thanksgiving is on Thursday  so Thanksgiving and Christmas will both be over December twenty sixth .
about twenty minutes .
we're not going anywhere right now  but at eleven thirty we're going up to the coop .
shit I was born in nineteen fifty .
uhhuh before you were born  Mom and Daddy used to eat twenty pounds of grapefruit a week .
he'll be home as soon as he's done probably about nine thirty .
it sure is you can't hold twenty five crayons in your hand at the same time .
no it's just six thirty you're not going to Greggy's yet .
no I'm twenty four that's a lot older than seven look at Daddy .
no he's twenty three .
you're closer to seventeen than you are thirty five .
I'm not gonna go until seven thirty or seven forty five okay ?
twenty five ?
it's six thirty and we're going to play softball at seven .
it doesn't start until six thirty .
I heard you  Abe how come you haveto repeat everything twenty times ?
two or twenty it really doesn't matter .
it's about twenty minutes after nine .
is it two thirty now ?
it'll be on at seven thirty on channel nine .
okay it'll be about thirty minutes .
I'll see  Survival's on at six thirty .
okay it's four o'clock I'll see you at four thirty .
fifty eight ...
fifty dollars .
you going give me fifty dollars ?
Adam  where you gonna put your fifty dollars ?
you wana take your fifty dollars .
twenty what ?
we'll be at thirty two Williams Street in Roxbury .
thirty times what ?
they'll get ninety fish .
they'll get ninety ?
a new sixty ...
a sixty Rambler .
oh  sixty four Rambler glasses ?
forty inches .
sixty dollars ?
I need more than that for twenty children .
oh  that's three thirty five .
no  that's six thirty .
I don't think that's sixty four .
sixty dollars ?
what would you do with sixty dollars .
fifty .
alright  I'll give you thirty cents back .
I'll sell it to you for fifty cents .
don't you have fifty cents ?
twenty homes are here in this town .
what happens at eight thirty ?
what happens at eight thirty ?
you're taking off at eight thirty ?
it's not eight thirty yet ?
so you can call another fire department and say  come to thirty two Williams Street .
you could feed twenty children with all those noodles .
forty cents ?
February twenty fourth .
and this is twenty five .
this is fifty .
and this is seventy five .
eight thirty .
forty two meeting and the Williams street ?
thirty two .
thirty two Williams Street and Greenwich Park .
thirty two Williams Street and Greenwich Park .
forty ?
ninety ?
" more and more feet twenty four feet .
he has twenty four .
is  twenty six letters .
thirty one ? 
oh , I have fifty inches ... 
yeah I just got about forty cardboard cuts .
well and there are only forty some odd ... 
twenty !
twenty . 
twenty . 
twenty . 
twenty one . 
twenty one . 
what comes after twenty one ? 
twenty one . 
twenty two . 
four fifty !
so that's four fifty and four fifty .
thirty .
okay do you , do you use a check , thirty  two oh one ? 
twenty minutes later you know ... 
next question press the number twenty !
press twenty . 
twenty excellent ! 
the answer is twenty .
you can press twenty . 
um press twenty .
gimme  my twenty . 
I've got twenty . 
okay twenty . 
twenty !
twenty great job . 
twenty .
twenty . 
this is how you this this this is how you write the number twenty . 
Mommy make a twenty . 
twenty .
twenty oh boy that's a lot . 
not twenty . 
twenty snakes ! 
three four five like twenty .
twenty pushes ?
no the worm isn't cooked , no no he's not cooked no the worm's not cooked no the worm's not cooked let's make it fifty degrees .
" twenty .
" it's twenty Winthrop .
" twenty .
" twenty  number twenty .
" yeah  ninety one .
ten  twenty numbers ?
today's date is April the tenth nineteen seventy five .
unh the time is eight twenty four and this is the situation prior to departure for school .
it's not yet  it's not eight forty yet Tony  .
and the time is  eight twenty .
tonight , about seven  we haveto be there around seven thirty .
it's eight , twenty , nine .
considering it's thirty six degrees .
time is  eight forty ...
he's supposed to be here at eight forty .
at  school at eight forty ?
and you leave at eight forty ?
no we usually  I wasn't thinking right I just said eight forty for you .
I was intending to leave at eight , thirty .
when you said eight forty seven I didn't know it had gotten so late .
but I usually leave about eight thirty .
that means it's four thirty .
a hundred forty ninth street hundred fortieth  street .
sixty dollars ?
let's see , twenty five ...
twenty five , twenty five ...
that's seventy five .
and fifty a dollar seventy five should I put this in a bag for you ?
time i:s , eight thirty eight in the morning .
I picks him up four thirty .
okay well then rather than that we'll just , we'll just leave the nursery at four thirty .
did you walk to a hundred twenty fifth street yesterday ?
she's not goin to forty second street .
she's not goin to forty second street .
twenty .
we have twenty two boys an .
twenty , Oron  .
twenty .
twenty three .
we have twenty three boys an girls here today .
we have twenty three boys an girls here today .
we have twenty three boy's an girls here today .
we have twenty three boys and girls .
we have twenty three boys an girls .
, friday , February the twenty first .
the twenty first .
the twenty first .
it's now four thirty seven  .
today's date is February the twenty first nineteen seventy five .
just to a hundred an twenty fifth street ?
did it  did they have one thirty five ?
is this a hundred an twenty fifth street ?
that's a hundred an twenty fifth street .
oh I just said that today's date was February the twentieth an the time was five forty nine and that your name is Anthony Lambert .
he is on a hundred fifty first street .
that's about twenty minutes after I left here , then we got back upstairs .
I had twenty four cards Anthony .
 and that means , twenty six cards is half the deck .
if I had twenty four I jus missed having half the deck .
you get fifty two .
cmon fifty two .
only one you gettin fifty two .
don't jump back you get fifty two more .
twenty nine , thirty , thirty one , thirty two .
fifty one ball your fist up nice .
why you want fifty two of em .
and besides you ain't givin me fifty two .
she'll be twenty months tomorrow .
we're saving you twenty nine cents .
eight thirty .
when he worked the second shift and didn't come home til like eleven thirty .
it's dated  June twenty first .
terrible  you pay thirty nine cents for the goldfish and about ten dollars for everything else !
is it April twenty second ?
yours is April twenty second right ?
I think Mandi said she paid seventy nine dollars for it .
if I weighed fifty pounds .
I weigh fifty pounds almost right ?
I've got twenty four and you've got twenty one , so I win .
we got thirty each !
he's got three hundred sixty five birthdays ?
you see he wrapped up everything in the house so he could have three hundred sixty five presents .
so he's got three hundred fifty six birthdays ?
today's date is February the thirteenth nineteen seventy five .
we go up to ninety first  .
now many of the forty kids have you seen as yet ?
forty , right ?
there's forty but twenty of them are white .
maybe maybe in about twenty minutes , okay  ?
how would that be in twenty minutes  ?
around eight thirty five .
your birthday is on a friday too , February twenty eighth  .
it's almost thirty five forty minutes .
shoot across eighty sixth  .
friend of mine , a photographer , came over here one evening and took about sixty shots just takinem you know .
fifty  .
 and there's gonna be twenty and twenty .
twenty whites and twenty blacks ?
give me money , fifty cents .
I need seventy five cents .
sixty .
sixty .
seventy five cents , get outta  here .
you  I gave you seventy five cents .
sixty , seventy , eighty , ninety , one hundred , number one , number two ...
and twenty ...
, I'm five and five and five and fifty and five and fifty and five .
and fifty five .
and fifty five I got a lot of money .
you're not gonna be fifty five , you're only gonna  be five .
at fifty five you would be a mommy .
I'm fifty six .
I'm fifty ...
twenty four , twenty  .
twenty four , twenty two  .
twenty six , twenty four Eric Dixon to shoot .
yep , twenty six , twenty six .
twenty eight , twenty six .
thirty , twenty six .
thirty two , twenty six !
twenty eight , thirty two !
thirty four .
thirty six .
thirty eight .
forty !
forty two , twenty eight !
score is forty two , twenty eight .
that's twenty point lead .
thirty two ...
seventy four to thirty two .
sixty six , thirty two !
down by thirty four .
were you twenty seven years old yesterday ?
yes I was twenty seven yesterday , twenty eight today .
twenty seven yesterday .
cause he  every day he gets fifty cents .
I said I gave him your fifty cents .
fifty six .
fifty six ?
you are a sixty seven .
sixty seven .
thirty .
okay this is your fifty cents  .
I have a dollar ninety nine .
twenty eight  ?
me about fifty times .
no I didn't say about fifty times .
till seven thirty !
there's this guy that says he weights twenty five pounds  him !
thirty five cents ?
thirty cent .
thirty cents .
let's see if I've got thirty cents here .
twenty five , thirty .
thirty cents for soda .
here's thirty  .
two hundred and thirty four dollars ?
did he think I had two hundred and thirty four dollars ?
eight thirty tell him .
at eight thirty ?
uhuh twenty five cents ...
yeah and well he's got twenty more minutes with the tape .
fire at one twenty two Henry street !
I wear  I weigh fifty .
fifty I weigh .
about a hundred and forty .
a hundred and forty !
don't you got  fifty cents ?
you got fifty five cents there .
fifty .
eight thirty .
about twenty years ago .
just twenty years ago .
I'm twenty six .
why don't you laugh for twenty ?
why don't you laugh for twenty minutes ?
seventeen , Eighteen , Nineteen , Twenty , Twenty-one , twenty-two , twenty-three . 
twenty-three . 
I got twenty-three . 
and I got twenty I got . 
forty minutes ?
well I'll see you later and I'll be here at four forty five .
it's more than twenty degrees Brett .
forty cents .
Reg , you owe me forty cents .
 we saw that twenty eight , was the last day of what month ?
nineteen seventy five .
nineteen seventy five .
thirty one .
yeah thirty one days in march !
February had twenty eight .
oh that comes on at four thirty Brett .
seventy three days absent !
 forty funky hits !
ten forty five .
twelve twenty  .
four forty five , I think .
you'll be home by four forty five ?
don't you know that that rice is on sale for eighty nine cents an I paid a dollar nine for it .
he was let's see twenty three an she was about twenty two .
they only take about thirty minutes .
thirty to forty minutes .
you're gonna in bed earlier than eight thirty  .
after fifteen  sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty twenty one  ...
nineteen twenty twenty one  twenty two , twenty three , twenty four , twenty five , twenty six , twenty seven , twenty eight , twenty nine .
thirty .
thirty  .
thirty nine , forty .
 it's about six twenty .
why don't we sell him for fifty cents .
for sale for sale , fifty nine cents fifty nine cents cents a big bear who's bad who wasn't being nice he'll be nice to you fifty nine cents .
Mommy doesn't wanna get up at four thirty . 
oh in about twenty minutes . 
I mean twenty nine in my class . 
let me see how many I have in my class I have twenty eight  . 
there's twenty seven altogether . 
cause it says right here twenty seven children . 
only says twenty seven children stead of twenty eight . 
I mean twenty eight I haveto make . 
I hate making twenty eight . 
I don't want to make twenty eight seven  . 
help me cause I have twenty eight to make . 
well you have a long time to make twenty eight . 
" a dollar seventy five . 
seven thirty .
sixty cents .
i:n , in about twenty minutes .
I think he weighs about a hundred an:d sixty five , pounds ?
it's eight thirty , time ...
it takes at least I think thirty minutes , maybe even an hour .
, or up to the amount of your groceries , and I have always  gone in there and made out , twenty five dollar checks , ...
in thirty seconds .
we can sit here for a few minutes and talk just a little bit so that when I do put you to bed you don't haveto call me twenty nine times , right ?
nineteen , twenty ...
nineteen eighty nine .
help when they're fifty   .
he'll be home about seven thirty . 
it's one thirty . 
twenty . 
one fifty . 
so one forty . 
ninety nine point nine . 
two forty . 
so two twenty to two forty and we might have got one and a half ounces . 
eighteen to twenty four months . 
let's go play downstairs for about twenty minutes ! 
it's twenty two out so you better be careful .
I got ninety two .
and Robert you've fifty , sixty five , seventy , eighty , ninety , hundred and ten .
oh , a hundred and twenty .
eighty five I think .
I don't how to make eighty five .
make eighty five mommy ?
fifty five .
forty two .
no , that's twenty one  .
I'm twenty five .
she'll be down around three thirty , okay ?
cause , I played for two forty five minute halves .
he's picking this tape up at two thirty .
my dear fellow , we have gotten to school like nine o'clock , nine five , nine ten , nine twenty .
twenty five .
twenty five .
twenty seven  six .
today's the twenty seventh  .
yes , and it says twelve tablets for twenty five cents .
fifty  .
I can just pay fifty to get put of jail free  .
thirty six dollars !
this is a fifty .
I already  you already gave me the twenty  .
no , you gave me a twenty , an a five an a one .
seventy five dollars .
two thirty to four thirty .
that clock in there is saying eight twenty nine ...
, that show went off at eight thirty ?
how come that clock in there is showing eight twenty nine when that show went off at eight thirty ?
go on the other side and take the Lexington avenue train at a hundred forty ninth street and the Concord .
oh , from a hundred thirty fifth ?
a hundred thirty fifth would be four .
thirty ...
I live a hundred an thirty third street ...
I live a hundred thirty third street apartment ...
nine thirty .
n:o , nine thirty is the latest so far and a lot of em are se:ven thirty and eight o'clock .
you're twenty four .
you're four going on twenty four .
forty second  .
forty second  ?
it depends  I just generally don't like to go down to forty second street I just don't like forty second street particularly .
oh nine dollars and seventy five cents .
forty ...
Edward , alright if there's no four and a five let's go fifty cents then .
forty five and five more cents is fifty .
that's fifty cents .
forty nine cents .
and we'll charge you twenty five cents for that .
it's a dollar and fifty cents , alright ?
you spent a dollar and fifty cents .
a dollar fifty and twenty five and and another twenty five makes another fifty cents and that makes two dollars .
fifty cents .
a one: and a  fifty .
and this is fifty cents .
fifty .
so it's a dollar and fifty cents .
that's from  twenty fifth anniversary. 
today is the twenty ninth. 
or on  or actually on December thirty first is your birthday. 
we gotto get twenty five calories, so far he doesn't have any, an:d
I haveto leave in twenty minutes .
twenty minutes ?
Emma, do you have twenty dollars to give the farmer? 
forty dollars? 
all right, let's see if the farmer will sell it to us for forty dollars. 
you want forty dollars? 
the wool costs forty dollars. 
do you have forty dollars to pay the farmer for the wool? 
do you think there's forty dollars in there  to pay the farmer? 
twenty dollars? 
twenty four hundred, I think, for me. 
twenty four butterflies? 
twenty four needles, stitches? 
twenty dollars? 
twenty years?
now, that will be twenty five dollars please. 
all right, here we got  a twenty pound turkey. 
twenty crayons . 
along with seventy three other pigs . 
now it's eight thirty . 
twenty: ! 
Harvey's  number twenty seven . 
and that says twenty seven . 
nine thirty !
ten , ten thirty !
eleven , eleven , thirty , twelve !
it says eight twenty two oh three . 
his twenty dollars that he got for his birthday yesterday .
and you know he probably didn't get to the library before three thirty .
five thirty .
five  five thirty .
five or five thirty .
for nineteen seventy three ?
no that's from nineteen seventy one  .
up til nineteen seventy one ?
and Mexico has the lowest suicide rate at one point six per thousand and Hungary has the highest at twenty nine point six per one hundred thousand .
should we give it another twenty minutes ? 
two thirty . 
three  three forty four .
no I mean about sixty two minutes . 
 sixty  sixty four minutes okay . 
twenty ?
this one was only a buck ninety nine ...
he's got forty children to keep straight  .
on twenty third street there's a library .
same as , same as the one on twenty third street .
now you'll haveto make one of those giant things with the sixty one foot wing spread .
it had twenty four hours .
what a waste of a dollar twenty five .
come the thirty first , I don't know for sure , they may not have me working for a while .
yours is the thirty first .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen , seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty .
eighteen nineteen twenty .
, and you  I let you and you went twenty , twenty , twenty .
, take twenty one shakes .
I took , I took twenty seven .
twenty shakes , right .
and I'll give you fifty or fifteen ?
okay , I'll be back at around s:even thirty , quarter to eight .
the end  what I'll do is at around seven thirty I'll just come and I'll look for you even .
we have twenty four teeth  .
oh , number twenty one has a horse by it .
that's twenty one right there .
number twenty one was by the horse .
twenty seven is above the beach ball .
twenty seven is above the beach ball .
you need to find the number above the beach ball , is twenty seven .
remember , where twenty seven was ?
twenty seven was above the mouse ?
he just asked for number twenty two .
twenty two is right below the pig , the piggy bank .
twenty two is right below the piggy bank .
thirty eight forty eight let's see .
fifty .
not fifty five .
fifty and two .
fifty five .
can you get channel forty five ?
forty five .
I didn't can you get channel forty five .
alright  the mustard is forty nine cents .
can you ring up forty nine cents please ?
twenty five  and: another twenty five .
no , twenty five .
two eighty cents , huh ?
eighty cents ?
fifty cents ?
can you give me fifty cents ?
that don't even hurt , twenty two .
twenty five , forty five .
three twenty five twenty four . 
it was saying “two thirty five two thirty five” and then . 
forty eight . 
that's  forty seven minutes . 
now it says “fifty eight thirteen” . 
oh yeah it's six thirty . 
I want to see sixty eight  my your hand too golly yours is big let me see how big mine is .
fifty cents for the Oreos ?
I don't have fifty cents .
and can you give me back fifty cents ?
do you think you can give me back fifty cents ?
twenty eight . 
thirty six seventy seven . 
he's thirty nine .
seven forty fve ?
he's gonna be ninety !
e:e: no , fifty .
fifty ?
, forty second street ...
is that a seventy five continental ?
it's a seventy four or seventy three .
 I'll probably leave a little after eight thirty is that okay ?
eight thirty I was up at , Yonkers goin on my vacation ?
uhhuh thirty eight , thirty he'll be in the house in a few minutes he'll call you back .
yeah hundred an fifty park .
 ninety seven minutes .
" he was twenty feet long .
" eighty feet long he stood forty feet tall .
" he was seventy feet long and weighed more than sixty thousand pounds .
eight thirty to one thirty Tuesday through Friday .
the fifty sixth right .
it's six thirty ?
what do you do at six thirty ?
twenty one .
twenty three .
twenty five .
what come after twenty one .
what come after twenty one ?
twenty five ...
twenty seven .
and twenty two cents  ?
 what was it ten bucks and twenty two cents Mot ?
she owes me ten dollars and twenty two cents .
seven thirty now .
seven thirty .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten  Scoobydoo ninety nine a hundred .
one two three fifty three ninety nine a hundred  .
well you're already going to bed at seven thirty so if you're not done eatin by the time the timer goes off  .
but the other one  has a thousand drops of water twenty drops of water four hundred drops of water .
I will give you twenty bucks for my groceries. 
kay, twenty bucks. 
 I am  fifty five. 
and if you get down here it's  there's twenty .
twenty what ?
okay  let's see twenty three .
where's twenty three ?
you said forty nine .
that's thirty nine .
forty three forty four  .
fifty !
sixty seven .
twenty six twenty seven .
and twenty .
twenty six letters !
forty ...
forty two .
forty three when you're five I'll be forty three .
eighty two dollars  .
a hundred and twenty ?
nine thirty the thing starts tomorrow .
we're meeting them at nine thirty .
for fifty cents he didn't give ?
he had all the money and the all the kids had quarters and fifty cent pieces  .
well I talked to Lucy and she said she expects  she would like to think that the parents would make up by buying out their twenty five dollars .
nineteen eighty nine .
well , it was probably seven  seven thirty , something like that , we were going to come back earlier , but you were having such a good time , we just stayed a little bit later .
how much is thirty minus fifteen ?
if he's well and he makes it , we're gonna buy gerbil a new Habitat Habitrail sixty eight .
yeah , she's twenty five .
, twelve , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , eighteen , nineteen , thirty ready or not , here I come !
I got sixty six my turn .
four thirty .
six thirty ?
in about forty minutes , or ?
thirty five minutes .
thirty five  .
forty five maybe .
twenty seven oh Susanna , oh don't you cry for me .
on the twenty third of march .
I'm forty two .
thirty .
but you'll be back before seven thirty , right ?
I'll be back in about thirty minutes , when it's over ?
he said something like two , two fifty , two sixty  .
a hundred and thirty five pounds .
well that means that a hundred and thirty six pounds .
forty forty pounds .
hey he's only thirty eight tall he's only one he's one inch tall let's pretend .
I was about twenty years old when I had my first tape recorder .
ninety nine cents I shouldn't be buying all to go to school .
no mine is in July twenty first  .
twenty !
ninety one central park west .
yeah  two ninety nine cent cokes .
twenty though , course I faint if I said , Philip you didn't haveto go that far  I appreciate Peter .
about a hundred an sixty pounds .
forty pounds ?
naw I don't think you could either , I don't think I don't think this little nail can support forty pounds .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty okay Kip , I'm gonna start lookin for ya now .
you stay right in here an you count to twenty awright  ?
okay I'll count to twenty .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty .
no no no no  you count to twenty this time .
am gonna need thirty five cents , to get back home  .
and I haveto be there at seven thirty .
today is April the seventeenth , nineteen seventy five he:y !
" they can run thirty miles an hour .
she usually get out what , four thirty ?
four thirty .
four thirty ?
so I'm twenty seven which make me look like I was forty seven .
it's gotta be like in the low thirties , because when I left it was twenty nine an ...
at four thirty ?
time is eight twenty seven .
if I can lose twenty pounds I can get to a wedding ?
I go on a diet but I can't you know I don't know my weight just stay one seventy .
las one eighty one , I went down to one fifty one .
four thirty .
four thirty ?
well let's see it's eight thirty and we have arrived at school .
Miss Sutton won't be in until ten thirty  .
is it eight thirty yet ?
is it eighty thirty ?
what comes after twenty ?
just say today's attendance we have twenty boys an girls .
we usually do to start at twenty five cents  .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty twenty one twenty two .
twenty three .
we have twenty three boys and girls here today ?
we have twenty four boys and girls here today .
today's attendance we have twenty four boys and girls .
twenty four .
twenty four .
I think the license cos fifty cents .
you had thirty ?
four hundred fifty .
seventy third street .
and my food al:one was twenty dollars .
I got twenty .
forty fifty one Denman Street .
say like a hundred and seventy thousand .
it's Benjamin's three hundred sixty five birthdays .
today's date February the sixth nineteen seventy five .
one two three four five six seven eight nine twelve twenty  .
so they won't pick her up until quarter to five four thirty somewhere around in there .
say today's attendance we have twenty boys and girls .
count out twenty four , okay ?
 twenty four .
twenty .
twenty one  .
twenty two  .
twenty three  .
twenty four .
you made twenty four .
we need twenty four for his ...
twenty four no:se .
twenty .
twenty one .
twenty two .
twenty three .
twenty four .
the twenty seventh .
she's gonna  twenty two months ?
thirty minutes ?
three hundred and fifty .
can I call you at home then at five thirty ?
bye bye sixty dollars .
misses the other forty four .
let's make a deal you wake up at six thirty every morning now wouldn't that be great ? 
six thirty's better than five thirty .
she's in it for like twenty minutes get me out you're stayin  in there . 
one hippo alone once more misses the other forty four . 
you would think I asked her the same questions twenty seven times . 
six thirty .
eleven thirty , okay . 
is ten thirty doable for you ?
okay , so how bout  we meet ten thirty at ...
um , okay so why don't we meet ten thirty at ...
nine twenty seven , between nine twenty seven and ten eleven . 
nine twenty seven I had brand new words . 
she had like twenty minutes of just saying it over and over again and I just thought I don't think I like the sound of that , you know . 
or six thirty to seven thirty in the morning when I'm taking a shower and stuff .
we have two pbs channels it's on twenty one . 
it was so easy we got it at Billy's factory store it's in Fall River it was like I think the whole I think the piece was like one hundred and twenty five dollars maybe .
okay in forty five minutes I'm calling my husband and then I'm calling you . 
but that's between like six thirty in the morning till eight o'clock at night .
there's over a hundred and fifty dollars worth here . 
over a hundred and fifty dollars worth , he gasped . 
in a jiffy he ate twenty five ... 
they rang out the noisiest ear splitting squeaks from the egg he had sat on for fifty one weeks . 
it's they sell all this designer stuff for like forty to seventy five percent off . 
um he thinks she shows more of a preference for her laugh but I think it's fifty fifty but she definitely has ...
one day Paddington decided to make a list of all the nice things there were about being a bear and living with the Brown's at number thirty two Winsor Gardens . 
Tuesday was like eighty though almost eighty seventy five eighty . 
it's like you know it's like a big you know long it was in a greenhouse like a big like sort of three connected rooms and there maybe fifty butterflies .
it was like seventy five minutes she liked fifteen of it .
two and one together is twenty one . 
um well we're here until for about another um forty minutes and the guy's  coming to look at the kitchen floor that's .
right yeah nineteen thirty . 
and we always tend to have tendency to get it like twenty four hours later than they have it .
it's  closer to the Sun than any other planet and travels around the Sun in only eighty eight Earth days . 
on Mars the temperature may reach eighty degrees at the equator on a summer day but at night it is colder than anywhere on Earth . 
it is twenty times farther away from the Sun than Earth and it spins on its side . 
how bout we read your fifty states book that Aunt Jill gave you . 
Dad slid out the bird it weighed thirty pounds . 
the giant sloth was truly huge about twenty feet from nose to tail . 
one day not long after Paddington went to live with the Browns at number thirty two windsor gardens Mrs Brown thought she would take him out shopping . 
there's over a hundred and fifty dollars worth here . 
hundred and fifty dollars worth he said giving the man who had said he could take as much as he wanted one of his hardest stares . 
yeah I've just I've been running like uh like either ninety nine to a hundred and one basically ...
I've had like ninety nine to a hundred and one for like the past week and a half .
and you slept for twenty minutes .
Puddle agreed I'll count to twenty but before Puddle counted to ten he and his friend were fast asleep . 
whales can stay under water for forty minutes or more without breathing . 
there at eight thirty tonight they will work together playing music . 
first they get washed there are ninety two men and thirteen women . 
and a few of the ninety two do not wear undershirts at all . 
forty five men stand up to get into their pants . 
forty seven sit down to put their pants on . 
twenty seven men have clipon ties that are already made into bows the man with the wavy black and white hair  the ruffly shirt and the cummerbund ties on a very big white bowtie . 
tonight all the other ninety men put on tuxedo jackets . 
at eight twenty five on friday night in the middle of the city one hundred and four people walk onto the big stage in philharmonic hall . 
it is eight thirty on Friday night and the one hundred and five men and women dressed completely in black and white have gone to work turning the black notes on white pages into a symphony . 
the sabertooth tigers first appeared sometime between twenty six and thirty six million years ago . 
it says the giant sloth was tru:ly hu:ge about twenty feet long from nose to tail . 
this is more than I've know in the past thirty three years of my life . 
so Amanda do you think we're gonna go till  about ten thirty ? 
okay it's like nine twenty five now .
thirty three don't say forty three . 
thirty three right ? 
thirty three years old . 
and I'll be thirty four . 
last night the house was eighty degrees and now of course it's  sixty degrees , we can't seem . 
ten thirty eight . 
oh hot springs you can but those are all like a hundred and five to a hundred and twenty degrees Fahrenheit .
twenty seventh , you got .
the next week , we took the subway up a hundred and twenty fifth street in Harlem . 
fifty fifty . 
sixty four pages long .
it didn't come on until eight thirty didn't it ?
doesn't it normally come on at eight thirty ?
okay , it was ninety eight point six .
seventy .
nineteen seventy five .
fifty three .
do you think you could make one that had twenty ?
you can tell Judy's under thirty one , I tell you .
twenty , twenty five .
no this one has sixty pieces and it's much easier for you to do .
this is the last time around I can come thirty .
in about forty five minutes .
they put in a twenty one .
he's at school at , I don't know , eight thirty , eight .
mondays he gets out at nine thirty .
friday he gets out at one thirty .
thirty four what ?
I got here at four thirty remember ?
thirty .
that's fifty .
is it just a quarter or is it twenty dollars ?
I'll give you the twenty and you can give me some change .
that's a twenty yep .
that's a lot of  thirty .
yep now who is almost thirty years old  or who is close to thirty years old ?
ninety maybe .
maybe ninety there is a lot .
twenty maybe .
twenty thirty .
I think maybe thirty worms yeah .
I owe you fifty  ten .
how bout fifty dollars ?
a hundred and ninety dollars for that stuff ?
do you have a hundred and ninety dollars ?
forty two things  and what else ?
three one  thirty one ?
thirty one cents ?
okay  that's my thirty one cents .
thirty one ?
what time is it  it's about three thirty .
no it is about three thirty  see it is three thirty in the afternoon .
it's two thirty in the morning ?
it's two thirty  I'm back to see you again .
thirty two dollars and forty one cents for all these groceries ?
yeah it's forty four degrees .
seven thirty .
I see about twenty five Chi's !
he lives on eight , eighty sixth street .
eighty fourth street .
ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen sixteen ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty .
Ma it is twenty five after , it's twenty five after .
well it will be for the length of situations that I haveto record in you're assuming that I'll haveto record each one for forty five minutes and that's not the case .
it's now eight twenty two an we're on our way to school .
ninety two  ?
I'm right on page forty four .
page forty four  .
and a it only takes twenty eight to thirty minutes to go it's whole route .
four thirty I'm watching a show .
today's date is march the twelfth , nineteen seventy five .
oh , the twenty fifth .
now the dishes haveto be done by all those under twenty .
he's fifteen and I'm fourteen that's twenty eight , twenty nine .
yes but your  individually you're under twenty .
how bout all those over to twenty .
I'll be eighteen tomorrow  I'll twenty tomorrow .
twenty and forty eight must .
I'm twenty one .
since you're over five it'll cost you fifty cents  .
ten  ten thirty or eleven  .
more like seven thirty , quarter of  .
well then seven thirty  .
how old is Debbie twenty one ?
now you want to go from June twenty eight to July twenty eight ?
it's almost twenty minutes after seven .
seven thirty ?
let's count to twenty .
they're very reasonable though , like a dollar thirty a pound .
what twelve is twenty ?
about twelve thirty .
Jennifer , you have twenty .
altogether I think about seventy five .
twenty two .
twenty three .
thirty one ?
thirty two ?
thirty one , you're an adult .
well , we won't get there till probably three thirty because it's very close to here .
it's almost seven thirty .
for fifty dollars .
about nineteen sixty six or sixty seven ?
a bicentennial baby means , boys , just means you were born in the year of nineteen sixty six , nineteen seventy six I mean .
no , you were born in seventy four .
no , Scotty was born on July fourth , and you were born February twenty second on GeorgeWashington's birthday .
Benji , Thedetectives , and Tweetie come up to a , only come up to a total of seventy five cents , so we could buy it .
it's only seventy five cents .
that's seventy five cents .
one dollar and ninety five cents .
that's ninety five cents .
you can get this poster and that one for your sister , and that comes to a buck fifty .
so that leaves you about fifty cents , and I think the rest of the books are over there .
Theeasterbunnyloseshisegg is sixty cents .
one dollar and ninety five cents .
it's a dollar ninety five and all you got left is a nickel , and there's nothing in here for a nickel .
that's a dollar seventy five .
ninety five cents ?
I've already got seventy five cents .
mom , Keith's marking down my sixty cents .
mom , could I buy something for sixty cents ?
is that another sixty cents ?
one dollar and seventy five cents .
one dollar and seventy five cents ?
that would make it two dollars and thirty five cents .
could I have two dollars and thirty five cents ?
that makes it a dollar fifty five .
mom , could I buy , I , I've already got something for seventy four cents .
this one is sixty .
sixty .
seventy five .
no , it's seventy four .
seventy five .
there's nothing on there for seventy four .
oh yeah , it's seventy five .
and with sixty cents ?
yeah , that would bring you a dollar thirty five .
a dollar thirty .
seventy five and sixty .
a dollar thirty five , that would leave you fifty five cents .
oh , I got fifty five cents left ?
why can't I buy another ninety five ?
twenty five cents ?
seventy five cents .
it's three dollars and ninety five cents .
it should be two thirty .
long past two thirty .
it should be two thirty .
two twenty five ?
it will be your birthday for fifty ?
the twenty fifth ?
I am not eating dinner till six thirty .
em , a , oh , one , one , two , three , four , five , six , twenty , twenty one , twenty two , twenty three , twenty four , twenty five , twenty six , twenty seven , twenty eight .
one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve , fourteen , sixteen , twenty one , twenty one , twenty two , twenty three , twenty four , twenty five , twenty six , twenty seven , twenty eight , twenty nine , twenty , sixty , sixty one , sixty two , sixty three , sixty four , sixty five , sixty seven , sixty nine , sixty eleven , eleven , eleven one , eleven two , eleven three , eleven four , eleven five , eleven eleven , eleven six , eleven eleven , eleven six , eleven twenty two , eleven one , eleven two , eleven three , eleven four , eleven five , eleven six , eleven seven , eleven eight , eleven nine , eleven .
sixty miles .
sixty miles .
oh , seven forty .
she had been an extremely successful author and she died at the age of seventy two .
well , he's seventy two years old .
did you say thirty four in December , mother ?
about eleven thirty .
middle age begins at fifty five .
she got one foot over thirty already .
Sam was born in nineteen forty four .
Renee was born in nineteen forty four .
nowadays , more and more women are having their first child at the age of thirty five .
it's not dangerous until after forty .
I think that if they do this amniocentesis , women over thirty five , if there's real reason to believe that they might have problems .
I think a normal woman at thirty five having her first child , they don't do it with .
they may do it more routinely for women having their first child after the age of thirty .
but it certainly is marvelous for people having their first child after forty or having their first child with a complicated medical history after thirty five , to know that your child is not going to have any defects .
ConstantComment , I think my mother had that fifty years ago .
he is , god knows , thirty nine .
she is thirty eight .
the catalytic converter just cost us three hundred fifty dollars .
we paid forty five hundred dollars .
twenty .
I've done about thirty .
no , I've done twenty .
I can't wait till Friday , at two forty six .
Peggy bought three oranges and paid ninety cents .
it's forty something .
George was the first president and the declaration of Independence was signed July fourth seventeen seventy six .
it probably has about fifty calories , though .
they said his overall average , for having done so badly , even with the first ten , even twenty games , or eighteen games , his overall average for the second part is now two hundred seventy .
it's better than one hundred ninety eight .
well , no , his combined average is now about two twenty .
the first half , it was one ninety eight .
do you that Reggie picked up on Friday night out there in front of us over thirty one dollars and put it in his pocket .
ninety .
ninety ?
when she says twenty five .
and he asked this woman about sixty years old behind us gina ?
 this is January twenty fifth and Nomi isn't talking while the players last .
what happened to twenty ?
you didn't get to twenty .
" O'Brian Weather King seventy five .
this is May twenty five  looking at a Creative Playthings catalogue .
it's three twenty: ... 
how long an appointment ,  five thirty ? 
play group's gonna be at ten thirty . 
ten thirty was the .
yeah we have an appointment at ten thirty .
let's see that was thirty seven minutes .
fifty two minutes ...
page me at eleven thirty and I should .
and just tape for ten more minutes eight thirty three .
fifty ?
no , that's a g , nice guess , I guess one in twenty six ...
twenty mice , that's the name of the book !
one moose twenty mice . 
twenty ...
twenty kitty cats ? 
there are twenty of them ! 
twenty mice ! 
that's almost finished , forty two , why ...
ah , let's see , twenty twentyone twentytwo , Monday , September twentythird .
Monday September twenty third , so it has been ... 
I just called to tell em  I'd  be twenty more minutes . 
six fifty . 
nineteen thirty two . 
December twenty . 
twenty second . 
pro calling because , I think we should try to leave closer to ten thirty ? 
well , some , closer to ten thirty than eleven let's just say that , cause  she's , she's sort of ... 
there must be twenty loaves of bread there . 
today is February twenty first it's Friday . 
um , today's Saturday March twenty ninth . 
a:nd she:  a two hour nap which started out as a forty five minute nap then nursed back to sleep . 
this is just a few minutes , this is twenty minutes later on the same day April second . 
I hope that's right , I'm like ninety percent sure that's right .
there's twenty one ... 
so , sixteen weeks plus twenty ... 
um , today is Friday the twenty fifth . 
twenty four minutes , I guess that's better than nothing , for now . 
how about a count to twenty nursie . 
ah one thirty now: . 
ahh forty three minutes okay . 
Daddy what's today's date , is it the twenty first ? 
yes it is the twenty first . 
it's August twenty first two thousand and three . 
we would probably have fifty words for fog if we lived in Maine .
I mean I c , I can eat enough to get me to ten thirty and Rope Bluffs .
between now and twelve thirty , or ..?
fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , eighteen , nineteen , twenty . 
twenty eight . 
thirty one . 
did you know that today is September twenty fifth and today is Thursday what did we do today ? 
still September twenty still September twenty fifth . 
okay it's still September twenty fifth . 
oh am call as early as seven thirty . 
let's see , it's four thirty .
seven  thirty . 
it's past seven thirty .
Naima it's way past seven thirty . 
you know it's just that it's time , we always brush around seven thirty ... 
it is seven thirty .
four twenty ? 
seve:n , twentyeight , twentynine , thirty .
fiftyseven , fiftyeight , fiftynine sixty .
ninety eight point six perfectly fine . 
yeah she just turned eighty or ... 
this puzzle has sixty pieces ! 
sixty pieces . 
about fifty million gallons of crude oil weighed it down .
that was probably one of the worst blizzards that Cape Cod has had in the last fifty years . 
today is January twenty  seventh . 
twenty one ?
here's twenty one  okay ?
here's twenty one a two and a one .
forty one ?
forty one .
twenty one and twenty two cents  for mustard ?
it says forty nine cents .
three seventy five would be ... 
 so that one's three seventy five . 
twenty thirty forty . 
ninety five and fourty nine are .
forty times ?
Mel gets there around seven thirty .
and twenty five cents .
twenty five cents  please .
oh  it's almost twenty minutes of eight .
and if you get down here it's  there's twenty .
twenty what ?
okay let's see twenty three .
where's twenty three ?
you said forty nine .
that's thirty nine .
forty three forty four  fifty .
fifty seven .
twenty six twenty seven .
and twenty .
twenty six letters !
fifty pounds ?
not real cold , ninety seven point eight .
ninety seven point eight it's all she wrote .
he only went down at one thirty , I will see if I can pat him back .
you have been asleep for twenty minutes Douglas .
twenty minute nap is not long enough for a little boy .
it is only two thirty .
it is two thirty .
ten thirty to three thirty .
your mommy will be here in thirty five minutes Douglas .
thirty five minutes , big boy .
well , your mommy is going to be here in about thirty minutes sweetie .
twenty five more minutes to go sweetie , hang in there .
you can wait thirty more minutes I think .
let us see John , you started at twelve thirty five with your bottle .
fifty five cents .
you give me change from  from the fifty .
eighty five .
she has thirty cents ?
twenty two oh one ...
twenty two oh one ...
twenty one what  ?
twenty one thirty .
twenty one thirty ...
alright , and you  where do you live  twenty one ...
twenty one .
twenty one ninety nine  ?
twenty one ninety nine fifth avenue .
twenty nine  twenty one ninety nine ...
twenty one ninety nine ...
twenty ?
twenty , seventy one fifth avenue .
I'm thirty .
thirty .
it's not very interesting  copyright nineteen fifty eight ...
oh  nineteen fifty eight by Katherine Wooley .
well it's forty eight .
forty eight wow !
it's only twenty after ten .
looks like  two and twenty to me .
I got ta be back by three thirty .
you have about thirty .
seventy ?
yes ninety nine with the red pencil .
thirty two with the orange pencil .
it's cold , twenty two degrees .
since about sixty seven .
it'll be dry before six thirty Bro .
about one thirty ?
okay so we'll go about one thirty ?
yeah , one thirty .
fine , one thirty is fine then .
six and then you're leaving at seven thirty ?
well I'll see you in about thirty minutes or so .
Brian will be twenty .
then you and he probably could be friends cause he'll still only be twenty four .
when she's twenty something ?
nineteen twenty  twenty one , twenty two .
by time she's twenty two she better be out o college and buying her a house !
when you twenty something .
forty four ?
it takes about forty five minutes .
 one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen  eighteen twenty .
if it takes you from now until three thirty you're gonna do it right .
twenty one what ?
 nineteen eighty .
nineteen eighty ParkAvenue .
twenty one MadisonAvenue .
twenty one ...
no the time is about five forty ...
das  way we do it at PS one thirty three .
now I'm pretty sure you don't do that at PS one thirty three , an .
have your baf  an then the bed before seven thirty tonight .
you oughta be in the bathtub before seven thirty  .
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen eighteen nineteen twenty twenty one twenty two seven eight nine ten eleven twelve  ...
see ninety nine  .
s:kips it coss a dollar ninety nine skips .
three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve , thirteen fourteen fifteen , sixteen seventeen eighteen , nineteen , twenty , twenty one twenty two , twenty three .
we got twenty three ...
we have twenty three boys an .
we got twenty thr ...
we have twenty three boys an girls here today .
say today's attendance , we have twenty three boys and girls .
we got twenty three .
we have twenty three boys and girls .
twenty one   ?
twenty one an ...
twenty two .
twenty two .
no Renita is coming in an she'll be twenty three .
don't say here today because today means it's here already , so today's attendance we have twenty three boys an girls .
today's attendance , we have twenty three ...
five thirty ?
around five thirty yeah we're waiting for his mother .
your dollar don't  worth nothing it worth only eighty cents .
I have twenty five after five .
well I don't  see her and it is five thirty by now  do you eat rice ?
didn't he score forty nine points ?
be sure you come back at eight thirty , okay  ?
come back at eight thirty  .
ask your mother ain't it eight thirty yet .
maw , is it eight thirty  ?
I'm twenty .
forty five , good , alright .
forty five ?
oh , forty five five , okay .
I know , I know , but if you have milk , you wont say anything for another twenty minutes .
are you gonna be twenty ?
this shark is number three twenty six .
twenty five  twenty five dollars or twenty five cents ?
huh okay twenty five cents just like you said now this .
fifty thousand dollars ?
I only have sixteen dollars  and ninety five cents .
eight  ninety nine .
ninety nine .
" it is now past eleven thirty .
six plus twenty one . 
I mean twenty minutes tops so . 
twenty five cents . 
nineteen seventy . 
they were thirty three cents .
one seventy four ...
she was here just forty minutes ago .
seven thirty .
twenty four candles .
one seventy four  what ?
one seventy four .
and the stupid store don't open till nine thirty .
usually open at nine thirty .
nine thirty .
that's the doll that went from seven dollars and eighty eight cents to thirteen dollars and eighty eight cents .
she ended up paying ten dollars and eighty eight cents for a doll .
four ninety eight .
it's from quarter of ten to eleven thirty .
there's twenty dollars there .
fifty seven dollars .
ninety seven versions .
and all of a sudden it ninety seven the whole week .
slow down to ninety .
it's eleven thirty .
you know you're worse than forty kids .
my cousin   she makes fifty dollars a month .
I have the heat on eighty .
it's only twelve thirty yet .
it's twenty five past eleven .
what comes after forty nine ?
fifty .
one down  forty to go .
so that the  the chance base is not fifty fifty .
she been married twenty five years .
the birthday's the twenty third  it's on Friday .
the twenty third .
the twenty third is her birthday  .
at twelve thirty .
with thirty eight people  .
thirty eight .
ninety two seconds .
at one thirty ?
will that be like two thirty the latest ?
about twenty five minutes   twenty .
the other day it was about twenty minutes worth of whether her bangs were sticking up or down  whether her Daddy's bangs were sticking up or down .
the bill was five twenty .
the twenty first .
twenty six I think it might have been .
yeah  twenty six fish .
twenty six at one sitting ?
twelve thirty .
seven thirty  I think .
she's eighty nine .
it's better not to be there till nine thirty ?
look for me at nine thirty you'll see me .
fifty six Oldsmobile .
fifty six Oldsmobile ?
buy it for twenty dollars !
a Lincoln down at the gas station for twenty dollars .
and she could keep it on for twenty four hours and that kid would be not one spot on her .
this man was forty five years old .
I think I've got about eight spoons  out of about twenty four .
twenty mule ...
what is it  twenty mule team ?
I gave him three dollars  he didn't even want to give me my seventy five cents .
when'll we go  six thirty ?
seven thirty ?
seven thirty .
eleven thirty she got up yesterday .
two thirty ?
forty hundred  huh ?
forty hundred pounds .
July twenty third .
July twenty third is your birthday .
but your party's on the twenty fourth .
your party is on the twenty fourth .
so it'll be what  twenty one kids ?
twenty one kids ?
we talked for about forty five minutes .
no  nine thirty .
see  this says twenty .
that would be twenty past .
my brother left Kentucky at eleven thirty Saturday .
she had  she had seventy dollars in it .
seventy dollars she had in that bank .
my sister gave me twenty five cents .
o:kay see you in about , forty five minutes ?
how bout giving me thirty five so I could get on the bus tomorrow ?
thirty five cents I'll take back .
I want thirty five cents .
give me back thirty five cents and you can keep the rest  .
that's fifty  cents  .
you gave  me fifty cents .
that's fifty cents .
all I need is thirty five cents  .
leave me a quarter and give me a dime so I have thirty five cents .
give me a dime and a quarter and that's thirty five cents .
it's a quarter a nickel that's thirty cents and a penny , that's thirty one cents  .
this is a nickel no I  have thirty five cents when I have a , a quarter and dime , and all you have is a quarter and a nickel  .
this is twenty five cents .
listen , this is twenty five cents , right ?
and a nickel makes it thirty and a penny makes it thirty one  .
how much is thirty five ?
where's thirty five cents  ?
no that  way it's thirty five cents  .
okay you have twenty five cents  .
you know how much  what's comes after sixty five  ?
sixty six .
that's twenty five  .
another quarter is fifty  .
a dime is sixty !
sixty cents  .
twenty six cents from the bus ?
thirty , it's thirty five cents for a a bus .
that's twenty five cents  .
it's a quarter twenty five cents  .
no thirty five cents is a quarter and a dime .
two nickels are fifty cents .
that's sixty cents  .
and a nickel is sixty five cents  and a penny makes it one more which is sixty six .
sixty six cents .
give me my thirty five cents you ?
come on you know what thirty five cents is .
no that's too much   a nickel and a dime , a quarter and a dime is thirty five cents .
first I had thirty five cents now I have nothing .
twenty eight ?
twenty eight what ?
she woke up at about nine twenty and she seemed like she was really hungry .
okay 'm twenty one .
s a twenty one .
there's twenty one dogs .
no  I think that's enough since it's ten thirty .
cause it's ten thirty  what ?
past ten thirty ?
to save fifty dollars  you can see how good a job I did .
, twenty .
twenty ?
she's had cancer for twenty years .
is tomorrow the thirty first ?
we should be back about ten thirty  I think .
" sing a song of sixpence  twenty blackbirds baked in a pie .
" four and twenty  that's enough .
bout forty eight so se  need to get in a truck  to go .
fifty dollars .
I got a box for forty dollars  .
forty dollars .
forty dollars ?
fifty dollars .
forty dollars .
everything's forty dollars today  Shem .
no  forty dollars .
I have  forty dollars !
when  if you were trying to find out how many pounds it was  wouldn't it be forty pounds ?
forty pounds ?
you're forty pounds ?
no  I'm forty dollars .
you're forty dollars ?
forty  pounds  minus ten .
but daddy is forty !
you know  you can  a: get one at coop for two fifty a day .
two fifty ?
oh fifty five cent .
well what are you gonna get with fifty five cent  ?
a do  well how are you gonna get fifty five cent ?
oh you're gonna have a  and fifty five cent ?
and what are you gonna get with a dollar  and fifty five cent  ?
if you're tired when I send you to sleep from now on at eight thirty that's when you'll go to sleep .
so anyway , you've got twenty minutes or so .
there's one on twenty third , but we ate in the car .
there's one on thirty ninth also , and second avenue .
that's the one on eighty sixth street .
there's no such thing as thirty nine o'clock .
yeah , I'll see you in about forty five minutes .
sue what time do I haveto be at that place tomorrow , three forty or something ?
I think I'm gonna go down for about twenty minutes , I'll wait a few minutes .
twenty minutes .
it's ninety five cents at the post .
he said forty five minutes .
there's no such hour Steve , as twenty o'clock .
thirty eight throws he means , thirty eight misses .
well we read every night  that whole chest is , is ninety per cent full of books .
I weigh sixty pounds  .
let me speak on  , fifty .
yeah I'll check this out , I don't know whether she's there  now but let's see , six nine one , twenty nine eight one try that .
sixty ?
around forty five minutes , total .
stays there till nine thirty .
we can't cause he has to go to bed at nine thirty .
why you gotto go to bed at nine thirty for ?
and since he gotta be home , at nine thirty , you know , they tape him at bed time , so I haveto be home at nine thirty and haveto watch him .
I'll see you in about thirty minutes .
the first twenty were were like that .
this is fifty cents ?
forty .
you got thirty cents and a token okay well take thirty cents  .
see you in twenty minutes or so .
for the hundredth and ninety ...
twenty ...
it takes twenty years to become an overnight success .
age range nineteen to twenty five .
okay eight grade , nineteen twenty five .
thirty five  .
" four an twenty blackbirds baked in a pie .
it's July nineteen eighty nine huh ?
so if  we buy it for ninety thousand .
you gave me  thirty  thirty eight cents .
I have  til eight thirty .
Nicky it is seven twenty five .
this goes back over thirty years , thirty five years ...
one day was my birthday , in April twenty sixth .
well I'll be back in forty five minutes .
so then , I'll see you in about forty five minutes .
coming back at twenty five minutes after eight ?
today's what , the twenty sixth ?
four thirty !
seventy five .
silver cup is three fifty seven .
uhhuh a dollar ninety  oops a dollar ninety five .
when's he coming back seven thirty ?
he'll be here in about twenty minutes .
yeah you sure you wanna read Frosty even though it's eighty degrees out huh ?
that's seven thirty .
he gets home about  between , between six fifteen and six thirty .
the babysitter comes at  around five thirty and she stays with him .
no I didn't sun  say ten thirty .
, at six thirty .
to have seen this show fifty times and this poor little kid make this thing  .
twenty five twenty six twenty seven .
eighty dollars .
eighty dollars .
I'll get you eighty dollars .
here Kalie I'll get you eighty dollars .
eighty dollars .
twenty five .
twenty five .
now put the twenty five where the twenty five goes .
it weighs eighty pounds .
eighty pounds Mama .
twenty five cent buys the ice cream cone .
is this twenty five cents ?
that's twenty five cents .
we are on our way to school at eight forty eight oh excuse me .
, and today's date is April third nineteen seventy five .
and maybe until ten thirty , eleven leave the shirt on an then you can put this back on .
mh:m right on one hundred thirty first street on Madison .
twelve thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , seventeen , eighteen nineteen twenty .
this how you make twenty ?
and now make twenty .
the twenty five thousand puramid   .
twenty five thousand !
twenty five thousand .
dat  man won twenty five thousand dollars .
twenty five thousand dollars !
I got fifty , sixty cents .
it's forty cents ?
forty cents i a lot of money .
twenty ?
twenty six .
you got twenty six dollars ?
oh I think he died about thirty or forty years ago .
we got ninety one , we got ninety one .
fifty miles !
fifty miles in a truck a long ways .
it's only about thirty four degrees .
fifty five east ninetieth , ninetieth street .
they go to park avenue and then come up to ninety sixth street , head over to a school called Manhattan country day .
that's at ninety sixth street and fifth avenue .
fifty five east ninetieth street .
March ninth or March twenty third .
sunday they are on vacation on the twenty third it's a sunday .
the twenty third is palm sunday .
okay the twenty third .
I'm more inclined for the twenty third .
twenty twenty twenty twenty twenty .
thirty five  .
twenty and a half  .
this morning I got up at eleven  thirty .
six thousand sixty six .
sixty six .
six thousand sixty six .
sixty six .
six sixty six .
six sixty six is not quite the way we say it .
seventy thousand .
eighty eight eight .
ninety nine ninety nine .
sixty six .
sixty six .
six seventy seven .
seventy .
seventy seven .
ninety two ?
ninety .
ninety .
eighty hundred .
the time is now four , four fourteen , so anywhere between now and I guess four thirty we'll sit down and eat dinner and I'm just going to let the tape play right on out and I'll set up the next tape ,  yup .
that's approximately two hundred and forty eighth street .
on ninety sixth street ?
and by six o'clock , my normal dinner hour six thirty , nothing .
I think it was two something admission , maybe a dollar seventy five for a pair ...
that's down there , what avenue is it ninth or tenth avenue forty forty first street .
 twenty sec  finish up .
this is gonna be bout five dollars , maybe six dollars and fifty cents .
that four thirty . 
Xavier , we still got thirty minutes . 
she not coming back til twelve thirty . 
why did Schnucks put twenty seven dollars back in my account ? 
thirty minutes . 
now let's measure this is sixty six right  ?
I'm twenty five years old .
^ you are not  twenty .
I'm twenty one years old  .
twenty ...
it willn't be done til six thirty !
how long  thirty three ?
thirty three  .
mine's thirty one something .
it's almost five thirty .
or you think fifty ? 
so , these are twenty four months .
like at nine thirty instead of ten thirty , that would be perfect timing . 
should I leave at seven thirty ? 
ten thirty .
this girl was like , she's like , I've been to like twenty concerts and I never saw it this crowded . 
twenty ... 
forty . 
forty . 
one hundred forty ? 
forty instead of fourteen .
I think he said forty , yeah . 
forty he said . 
fifty more miles to go .
nine fifty .
nine fifty , fourteen dollars .
do you do an adaptation of the forty ? 
that'll  be six fifty .
I mean , eight fifty . 
plus nine fifty ...
plus twenty ...
plus eight fifty ...
I can only imagine what it was like fifty years ago . 
so it was eight thirty ta  to two thirty .
yeah , uh no , what did I say it was the twenty ..? 
um well one forty you gonna make . 
and reach length of three hundred twenty five feet or one hundred meters wow . 
eight thirty . 
between eight thirty and nine , i gotta leave before seven thirty .
it stood about thirtyfive feet tall and was seventy feet long from its nose to its tail . 
grows up to fifty feet long . 
one of the largest snakes is the giant anaconda it can grow more than thirty feet long . 
in about twenty years or so it will grow into a tall oak tree that has many acorns . 
horse jumps thirtyfive feet deer thirty . 
her siblings haveto wait a couple of hours to enjoy their bone treats but Maya is gnawing on hers after only twenty minutes . 
one thirty four . 
it's chilly  outside like I thought it was thirty three .
that sure is sixty .
fifty  .
fifty .
I mean anything over seventy cents you know I always say yeah , gimme  my money back .
well see it's only thirty five .
I'll come back about nine , or nine thirty .
, at one thirty ?
at one thirty ?
okay so then at six forty five then we'll start recording again .
forty five  .
what street is it on ninety what  ?
it's thirty it's thirty five isn't it ?
ninety second west ninety second  ?
no it's not ninety second  .
forty  . 
forty one weeks . 
twenty seven inches ? 
about twenty seven inches . 
twenty seven inches . 
you're twenty seven inches . 
twenty seven inches . 
nineteen forty two . 
Papou was only twenty two years old . 
printed in nineteen seventy six . 
June twenty firs . 
July twenty seventh . 
July twenty seventh . 
June twenty seventh . 
September twenty seventh . 
to nine forty five . 
ten forty five . 
and now you're twenty pounds . 
ten twenty . 
ten dollars and fifty cents please . 
October twenty fifth . 
eighteen nineteen twenty twenty one twenty two twenty three twenty four . 
you got thirty minutes . 
hope this twenty dollars are on there . 
act like that's a forty ounce . 
thirty more minutes . 
sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty . 
and we only got thirty minutes . 
you got a whole nother forty five minutes . 
thirty . 
one forty . 
fifty fif . 
I need to be leaving out o here at one thirty . 
I will star sixty nine you . 
I will  star sixty nine you . 
I'm a have forty five minutes to get ready . 
a month  is sixty dollar . 
it's ten thirty . 
package number two twenty . 
you put that on at seven thirty ? 
and last time it was around eleven thirty . 
four thirty five . 
eleven forty on that clock . 
put that on at eleven thirty . 
pay sixty dollars for some hair that stay up three days . 
sodium two fifty . 
that's twenty dollars . 
forty dollars . 
twenty four dollars a month . 
church is at six thirty . 
first my bill was twenty six dollars . 
forty seven . 
fifty years old . 
two six three fifty ninety . 
round eleven thirty you need to get on the pot . 
fifty five cents .
forty two .
forty two ?
okay , here's forty two .
forty two .
and he's at the forty seven yard line !
eight , four , twenty , hut , hut !
want to play hit hard on the forty seven ?
want to play hit hard on the fifty ?
how about hit hard on the ninety ?
I was expecting at you at like nine nine thirty , yeah . 
twenty , we're doing good . 
fifty dollars !
fifty dollars !
fifty dollars  yes ?
ten dollars and eighty three cents .
from five thirty to six o'clock .
about forty five minutes .
forty five minutes ?
it's seven thirty honey .
